# text = ﻿Frankenstein; or, the Modern Prometheus by Mary Wollstonecraft (Godwin) Shelley CONTENTS Letter 1 Letter 2 Letter 3 Letter 4 Chapter 1 Chapter 2 Chapter 3 Chapter 4 Chapter 5 Chapter 6 Chapter 7 Chapter 8 Chapter 9 Chapter 10 Chapter 11 Chapter 12 Chapter 13 Chapter 14 Chapter 15 Chapter 16 Chapter 17 Chapter 18 Chapter 19 Chapter 20 Chapter 21 Chapter 22 Chapter 23 Chapter 24 Letter 1 _To Mrs. Saville, England._ St. Petersburgh, Dec. 11th, 17—. You will rejoice to hear that no disaster has accompanied the commencement of an enterprise which you have regarded with such evil forebodings. I arrived here yesterday, and my first task is to assure my dear sister of my welfare and increasing confidence in the success of my undertaking. I am already far north of London, and as I walk in the streets of Petersburgh, I feel a cold northern breeze play upon my cheeks, which braces my nerves and fills me with delight. Do you understand this feeling? This breeze, which has travelled from the regions towards which I am advancing, gives me a foretaste of those icy climes. Inspirited by this wind of promise, my daydreams become more fervent and vivid. I try in vain to be persuaded that the pole is the seat of frost and desolation; it ever presents itself to my imagination as the region of beauty and delight. There, Margaret, the sun is for ever visible, its broad disk just skirting the horizon and diffusing a perpetual splendour. There—for with your leave, my sister, I will put some trust in preceding navigators—there snow and frost are banished; and, sailing over a calm sea, we may be wafted to a land surpassing in wonders and in beauty every region hitherto discovered on the habitable globe. Its productions and features may be without example, as the phenomena of the heavenly bodies undoubtedly are in those undiscovered solitudes. What may not be expected in a country of eternal light? I may there discover the wondrous power which attracts the needle and may regulate a thousand celestial observations that require only this voyage to render their seeming eccentricities consistent for ever. I shall satiate my ardent curiosity with the sight of a part of the world never before visited, and may tread a land never before imprinted by the foot of man. These are my enticements, and they are sufficient to conquer all fear of danger or death and to induce me to commence this laborious voyage with the joy a child feels when he embarks in a little boat, with his holiday mates, on an expedition of discovery up his native river. But supposing all these conjectures to be false, you cannot contest the inestimable benefit which I shall confer on all mankind, to the last generation, by discovering a passage near the pole to those countries, to reach which at present so many months are requisite; or by ascertaining the secret of the magnet, which, if at all possible, can only be effected by an undertaking such as mine. These reflections have dispelled the agitation with which I began my letter, and I feel my heart glow with an enthusiasm which elevates me to heaven, for nothing contributes so much to tranquillise the mind as a steady purpose—a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye. This expedition has been the favourite dream of my early years. I have read with ardour the accounts of the various voyages which have been made in the prospect of arriving at the North Pacific Ocean through the seas which surround the pole. You may remember that a history of all the voyages made for purposes of discovery composed the whole of our good Uncle Thomas’ library. My education was neglected, yet I was passionately fond of reading. These volumes were my study day and night, and my familiarity with them increased that regret which I had felt, as a child, on learning that my father’s dying injunction had forbidden my uncle to allow me to embark in a seafaring life. These visions faded when I perused, for the first time, those poets whose effusions entranced my soul and lifted it to heaven. I also became a poet and for one year lived in a paradise of my own creation; I imagined that I also might obtain a niche in the temple where the names of Homer and Shakespeare are consecrated. You are well acquainted with my failure and how heavily I bore the disappointment. But just at that time I inherited the fortune of my cousin, and my thoughts were turned into the channel of their earlier bent. Six years have passed since I resolved on my present undertaking. I can, even now, remember the hour from which I dedicated myself to this great enterprise. I commenced by inuring my body to hardship. I accompanied the whale-fishers on several expeditions to the North Sea; I voluntarily endured cold, famine, thirst, and want of sleep; I often worked harder than the common sailors during the day and devoted my nights to the study of mathematics, the theory of medicine, and those branches of physical science from which a naval adventurer might derive the greatest practical advantage. Twice I actually hired myself as an under-mate in a Greenland whaler, and acquitted myself to admiration. I must own I felt a little proud when my captain offered me the second dignity in the vessel and entreated me to remain with the greatest earnestness, so valuable did he consider my services. And now, dear Margaret, do I not deserve to accomplish some great purpose? My life might have been passed in ease and luxury, but I preferred glory to every enticement that wealth placed in my path. Oh, that some encouraging voice would answer in the affirmative! My courage and my resolution is firm; but my hopes fluctuate, and my spirits are often depressed. I am about to proceed on a long and difficult voyage, the emergencies of which will demand all my fortitude: I am required not only to raise the spirits of others, but sometimes to sustain my own, when theirs are failing. This is the most favourable period for travelling in Russia. They fly quickly over the snow in their sledges; the motion is pleasant, and, in my opinion, far more agreeable than that of an English stagecoach. The cold is not excessive, if you are wrapped in furs—a dress which I have already adopted, for there is a great difference between walking the deck and remaining seated motionless for hours, when no exercise prevents the blood from actually freezing in your veins. I have no ambition to lose my life on the post-road between St. Petersburgh and Archangel. I shall depart for the latter town in a fortnight or three weeks; and my intention is to hire a ship there, which can easily be done by paying the insurance for the owner, and to engage as many sailors as I think necessary among those who are accustomed to the whale-fishing. I do not intend to sail until the month of June; and when shall I return? Ah, dear sister, how can I answer this question? If I succeed, many, many months, perhaps years, will pass before you and I may meet. If I fail, you will see me again soon, or never. Farewell, my dear, excellent Margaret. Heaven shower down blessings on you, and save me, that I may again and again testify my gratitude for all your love and kindness. Your affectionate brother, R. Walton Letter 2 _To Mrs. Saville, England._ Archangel, 28th March, 17—. How slowly the time passes here, encompassed as I am by frost and snow! Yet a second step is taken towards my enterprise. I have hired a vessel and am occupied in collecting my sailors; those whom I have already engaged appear to be men on whom I can depend and are certainly possessed of dauntless courage. But I have one want which I have never yet been able to satisfy, and the absence of the object of which I now feel as a most severe evil, I have no friend, Margaret: when I am glowing with the enthusiasm of success, there will be none to participate my joy; if I am assailed by disappointment, no one will endeavour to sustain me in dejection. I shall commit my thoughts to paper, it is true; but that is a poor medium for the communication of feeling. I desire the company of a man who could sympathise with me, whose eyes would reply to mine. You may deem me romantic, my dear sister, but I bitterly feel the want of a friend. I have no one near me, gentle yet courageous, possessed of a cultivated as well as of a capacious mind, whose tastes are like my own, to approve or amend my plans. How would such a friend repair the faults of your poor brother! I am too ardent in execution and too impatient of difficulties. But it is a still greater evil to me that I am self-educated: for the first fourteen years of my life I ran wild on a common and read nothing but our Uncle Thomas’ books of voyages. At that age I became acquainted with the celebrated poets of our own country; but it was only when it had ceased to be in my power to derive its most important benefits from such a conviction that I perceived the necessity of becoming acquainted with more languages than that of my native country. Now I am twenty-eight and am in reality more illiterate than many schoolboys of fifteen. It is true that I have thought more and that my daydreams are more extended and magnificent, but they want (as the painters call it) _keeping;_ and I greatly need a friend who would have sense enough not to despise me as romantic, and affection enough for me to endeavour to regulate my mind. Well, these are useless complaints; I shall certainly find no friend on the wide ocean, nor even here in Archangel, among merchants and seamen. Yet some feelings, unallied to the dross of human nature, beat even in these rugged bosoms. My lieutenant, for instance, is a man of wonderful courage and enterprise; he is madly desirous of glory, or rather, to word my phrase more characteristically, of advancement in his profession. He is an Englishman, and in the midst of national and professional prejudices, unsoftened by cultivation, retains some of the noblest endowments of humanity. I first became acquainted with him on board a whale vessel; finding that he was unemployed in this city, I easily engaged him to assist in my enterprise. The master is a person of an excellent disposition and is remarkable in the ship for his gentleness and the mildness of his discipline. This circumstance, added to his well-known integrity and dauntless courage, made me very desirous to engage him. A youth passed in solitude, my best years spent under your gentle and feminine fosterage, has so refined the groundwork of my character that I cannot overcome an intense distaste to the usual brutality exercised on board ship: I have never believed it to be necessary, and when I heard of a mariner equally noted for his kindliness of heart and the respect and obedience paid to him by his crew, I felt myself peculiarly fortunate in being able to secure his services. I heard of him first in rather a romantic manner, from a lady who owes to him the happiness of her life. This, briefly, is his story. Some years ago he loved a young Russian lady of moderate fortune, and having amassed a considerable sum in prize-money, the father of the girl consented to the match. He saw his mistress once before the destined ceremony; but she was bathed in tears, and throwing herself at his feet, entreated him to spare her, confessing at the same time that she loved another, but that he was poor, and that her father would never consent to the union. My generous friend reassured the suppliant, and on being informed of the name of her lover, instantly abandoned his pursuit. He had already bought a farm with his money, on which he had designed to pass the remainder of his life; but he bestowed the whole on his rival, together with the remains of his prize-money to purchase stock, and then himself solicited the young woman’s father to consent to her marriage with her lover. But the old man decidedly refused, thinking himself bound in honour to my friend, who, when he found the father inexorable, quitted his country, nor returned until he heard that his former mistress was married according to her inclinations. “What a noble fellow!” you will exclaim. He is so; but then he is wholly uneducated: he is as silent as a Turk, and a kind of ignorant carelessness attends him, which, while it renders his conduct the more astonishing, detracts from the interest and sympathy which otherwise he would command. Yet do not suppose, because I complain a little or because I can conceive a consolation for my toils which I may never know, that I am wavering in my resolutions. Those are as fixed as fate, and my voyage is only now delayed until the weather shall permit my embarkation. The winter has been dreadfully severe, but the spring promises well, and it is considered as a remarkably early season, so that perhaps I may sail sooner than I expected. I shall do nothing rashly: you know me sufficiently to confide in my prudence and considerateness whenever the safety of others is committed to my care. I cannot describe to you my sensations on the near prospect of my undertaking. It is impossible to communicate to you a conception of the trembling sensation, half pleasurable and half fearful, with which I am preparing to depart. I am going to unexplored regions, to “the land of mist and snow,” but I shall kill no albatross; therefore do not be alarmed for my safety or if I should come back to you as worn and woeful as the “Ancient Mariner.” You will smile at my allusion, but I will disclose a secret. I have often attributed my attachment to, my passionate enthusiasm for, the dangerous mysteries of ocean to that production of the most imaginative of modern poets. There is something at work in my soul which I do not understand. I am practically industrious—painstaking, a workman to execute with perseverance and labour—but besides this there is a love for the marvellous, a belief in the marvellous, intertwined in all my projects, which hurries me out of the common pathways of men, even to the wild sea and unvisited regions I am about to explore. But to return to dearer considerations. Shall I meet you again, after having traversed immense seas, and returned by the most southern cape of Africa or America? I dare not expect such success, yet I cannot bear to look on the reverse of the picture. Continue for the present to write to me by every opportunity: I may receive your letters on some occasions when I need them most to support my spirits. I love you very tenderly. Remember me with affection, should you never hear from me again. Your affectionate brother, Robert Walton Letter 3 _To Mrs. Saville, England._ July 7th, 17—. My dear Sister, I write a few lines in haste to say that I am safe—and well advanced on my voyage. This letter will reach England by a merchantman now on its homeward voyage from Archangel; more fortunate than I, who may not see my native land, perhaps, for many years. I am, however, in good spirits: my men are bold and apparently firm of purpose, nor do the floating sheets of ice that continually pass us, indicating the dangers of the region towards which we are advancing, appear to dismay them. We have already reached a very high latitude; but it is the height of summer, and although not so warm as in England, the southern gales, which blow us speedily towards those shores which I so ardently desire to attain, breathe a degree of renovating warmth which I had not expected. No incidents have hitherto befallen us that would make a figure in a letter. One or two stiff gales and the springing of a leak are accidents which experienced navigators scarcely remember to record, and I shall be well content if nothing worse happen to us during our voyage. Adieu, my dear Margaret. Be assured that for my own sake, as well as yours, I will not rashly encounter danger. I will be cool, persevering, and prudent. But success _shall_ crown my endeavours. Wherefore not? Thus far I have gone, tracing a secure way over the pathless seas, the very stars themselves being witnesses and testimonies of my triumph. Why not still proceed over the untamed yet obedient element? What can stop the determined heart and resolved will of man? My swelling heart involuntarily pours itself out thus. But I must finish. Heaven bless my beloved sister! R.W. Letter 4 _To Mrs. Saville, England._ August 5th, 17—. So strange an accident has happened to us that I cannot forbear recording it, although it is very probable that you will see me before these papers can come into your possession. Last Monday (July 31st) we were nearly surrounded by ice, which closed in the ship on all sides, scarcely leaving her the sea-room in which she floated. Our situation was somewhat dangerous, especially as we were compassed round by a very thick fog. We accordingly lay to, hoping that some change would take place in the atmosphere and weather. About two o’clock the mist cleared away, and we beheld, stretched out in every direction, vast and irregular plains of ice, which seemed to have no end. Some of my comrades groaned, and my own mind began to grow watchful with anxious thoughts, when a strange sight suddenly attracted our attention and diverted our solicitude from our own situation. We perceived a low carriage, fixed on a sledge and drawn by dogs, pass on towards the north, at the distance of half a mile; a being which had the shape of a man, but apparently of gigantic stature, sat in the sledge and guided the dogs. We watched the rapid progress of the traveller with our telescopes until he was lost among the distant inequalities of the ice. This appearance excited our unqualified wonder. We were, as we believed, many hundred miles from any land; but this apparition seemed to denote that it was not, in reality, so distant as we had supposed. Shut in, however, by ice, it was impossible to follow his track, which we had observed with the greatest attention. About two hours after this occurrence we heard the ground sea, and before night the ice broke and freed our ship. We, however, lay to until the morning, fearing to encounter in the dark those large loose masses which float about after the breaking up of the ice. I profited of this time to rest for a few hours. In the morning, however, as soon as it was light, I went upon deck and found all the sailors busy on one side of the vessel, apparently talking to someone in the sea. It was, in fact, a sledge, like that we had seen before, which had drifted towards us in the night on a large fragment of ice. Only one dog remained alive; but there was a human being within it whom the sailors were persuading to enter the vessel. He was not, as the other traveller seemed to be, a savage inhabitant of some undiscovered island, but a European. When I appeared on deck the master said, “Here is our captain, and he will not allow you to perish on the open sea.” On perceiving me, the stranger addressed me in English, although with a foreign accent. “Before I come on board your vessel,” said he, “will you have the kindness to inform me whither you are bound?” You may conceive my astonishment on hearing such a question addressed to me from a man on the brink of destruction and to whom I should have supposed that my vessel would have been a resource which he would not have exchanged for the most precious wealth the earth can afford. I replied, however, that we were on a voyage of discovery towards the northern pole. Upon hearing this he appeared satisfied and consented to come on board. Good God! Margaret, if you had seen the man who thus capitulated for his safety, your surprise would have been boundless. His limbs were nearly frozen, and his body dreadfully emaciated by fatigue and suffering. I never saw a man in so wretched a condition. We attempted to carry him into the cabin, but as soon as he had quitted the fresh air he fainted. We accordingly brought him back to the deck and restored him to animation by rubbing him with brandy and forcing him to swallow a small quantity. As soon as he showed signs of life we wrapped him up in blankets and placed him near the chimney of the kitchen stove. By slow degrees he recovered and ate a little soup, which restored him wonderfully. Two days passed in this manner before he was able to speak, and I often feared that his sufferings had deprived him of understanding. When he had in some measure recovered, I removed him to my own cabin and attended on him as much as my duty would permit. I never saw a more interesting creature: his eyes have generally an expression of wildness, and even madness, but there are moments when, if anyone performs an act of kindness towards him or does him any the most trifling service, his whole countenance is lighted up, as it were, with a beam of benevolence and sweetness that I never saw equalled. But he is generally melancholy and despairing, and sometimes he gnashes his teeth, as if impatient of the weight of woes that oppresses him. When my guest was a little recovered I had great trouble to keep off the men, who wished to ask him a thousand questions; but I would not allow him to be tormented by their idle curiosity, in a state of body and mind whose restoration evidently depended upon entire repose. Once, however, the lieutenant asked why he had come so far upon the ice in so strange a vehicle. His countenance instantly assumed an aspect of the deepest gloom, and he replied, “To seek one who fled from me.” “And did the man whom you pursued travel in the same fashion?” “Yes.” “Then I fancy we have seen him, for the day before we picked you up we saw some dogs drawing a sledge, with a man in it, across the ice.” This aroused the stranger’s attention, and he asked a multitude of questions concerning the route which the dæmon, as he called him, had pursued. Soon after, when he was alone with me, he said, “I have, doubtless, excited your curiosity, as well as that of these good people; but you are too considerate to make inquiries.” “Certainly; it would indeed be very impertinent and inhuman in me to trouble you with any inquisitiveness of mine.” “And yet you rescued me from a strange and perilous situation; you have benevolently restored me to life.” Soon after this he inquired if I thought that the breaking up of the ice had destroyed the other sledge. I replied that I could not answer with any degree of certainty, for the ice had not broken until near midnight, and the traveller might have arrived at a place of safety before that time; but of this I could not judge. From this time a new spirit of life animated the decaying frame of the stranger. He manifested the greatest eagerness to be upon deck to watch for the sledge which had before appeared; but I have persuaded him to remain in the cabin, for he is far too weak to sustain the rawness of the atmosphere. I have promised that someone should watch for him and give him instant notice if any new object should appear in sight. Such is my journal of what relates to this strange occurrence up to the present day. The stranger has gradually improved in health but is very silent and appears uneasy when anyone except myself enters his cabin. Yet his manners are so conciliating and gentle that the sailors are all interested in him, although they have had very little communication with him. For my own part, I begin to love him as a brother, and his constant and deep grief fills me with sympathy and compassion. He must have been a noble creature in his better days, being even now in wreck so attractive and amiable. I said in one of my letters, my dear Margaret, that I should find no friend on the wide ocean; yet I have found a man who, before his spirit had been broken by misery, I should have been happy to have possessed as the brother of my heart. I shall continue my journal concerning the stranger at intervals, should I have any fresh incidents to record. August 13th, 17—. My affection for my guest increases every day. He excites at once my admiration and my pity to an astonishing degree. How can I see so noble a creature destroyed by misery without feeling the most poignant grief? He is so gentle, yet so wise; his mind is so cultivated, and when he speaks, although his words are culled with the choicest art, yet they flow with rapidity and unparalleled eloquence. He is now much recovered from his illness and is continually on the deck, apparently watching for the sledge that preceded his own. Yet, although unhappy, he is not so utterly occupied by his own misery but that he interests himself deeply in the projects of others. He has frequently conversed with me on mine, which I have communicated to him without disguise. He entered attentively into all my arguments in favour of my eventual success and into every minute detail of the measures I had taken to secure it. I was easily led by the sympathy which he evinced to use the language of my heart, to give utterance to the burning ardour of my soul and to say, with all the fervour that warmed me, how gladly I would sacrifice my fortune, my existence, my every hope, to the furtherance of my enterprise. One man’s life or death were but a small price to pay for the acquirement of the knowledge which I sought, for the dominion I should acquire and transmit over the elemental foes of our race. As I spoke, a dark gloom spread over my listener’s countenance. At first I perceived that he tried to suppress his emotion; he placed his hands before his eyes, and my voice quivered and failed me as I beheld tears trickle fast from between his fingers; a groan burst from his heaving breast. I paused; at length he spoke, in broken accents: “Unhappy man! Do you share my madness? Have you drunk also of the intoxicating draught? Hear me; let me reveal my tale, and you will dash the cup from your lips!” Such words, you may imagine, strongly excited my curiosity; but the paroxysm of grief that had seized the stranger overcame his weakened powers, and many hours of repose and tranquil conversation were necessary to restore his composure. Having conquered the violence of his feelings, he appeared to despise himself for being the slave of passion; and quelling the dark tyranny of despair, he led me again to converse concerning myself personally. He asked me the history of my earlier years. The tale was quickly told, but it awakened various trains of reflection. I spoke of my desire of finding a friend, of my thirst for a more intimate sympathy with a fellow mind than had ever fallen to my lot, and expressed my conviction that a man could boast of little happiness who did not enjoy this blessing. “I agree with you,” replied the stranger; “we are unfashioned creatures, but half made up, if one wiser, better, dearer than ourselves—such a friend ought to be—do not lend his aid to perfectionate our weak and faulty natures. I once had a friend, the most noble of human creatures, and am entitled, therefore, to judge respecting friendship. You have hope, and the world before you, and have no cause for despair. But I—I have lost everything and cannot begin life anew.” As he said this his countenance became expressive of a calm, settled grief that touched me to the heart. But he was silent and presently retired to his cabin. Even broken in spirit as he is, no one can feel more deeply than he does the beauties of nature. The starry sky, the sea, and every sight afforded by these wonderful regions seem still to have the power of elevating his soul from earth. Such a man has a double existence: he may suffer misery and be overwhelmed by disappointments, yet when he has retired into himself, he will be like a celestial spirit that has a halo around him, within whose circle no grief or folly ventures. Will you smile at the enthusiasm I express concerning this divine wanderer? You would not if you saw him. You have been tutored and refined by books and retirement from the world, and you are therefore somewhat fastidious; but this only renders you the more fit to appreciate the extraordinary merits of this wonderful man. Sometimes I have endeavoured to discover what quality it is which he possesses that elevates him so immeasurably above any other person I ever knew. I believe it to be an intuitive discernment, a quick but never-failing power of judgment, a penetration into the causes of things, unequalled for clearness and precision; add to this a facility of expression and a voice whose varied intonations are soul-subduing music. August 19th, 17—. Yesterday the stranger said to me, “You may easily perceive, Captain Walton, that I have suffered great and unparalleled misfortunes. I had determined at one time that the memory of these evils should die with me, but you have won me to alter my determination. You seek for knowledge and wisdom, as I once did; and I ardently hope that the gratification of your wishes may not be a serpent to sting you, as mine has been. I do not know that the relation of my disasters will be useful to you; yet, when I reflect that you are pursuing the same course, exposing yourself to the same dangers which have rendered me what I am, I imagine that you may deduce an apt moral from my tale, one that may direct you if you succeed in your undertaking and console you in case of failure. Prepare to hear of occurrences which are usually deemed marvellous. Were we among the tamer scenes of nature I might fear to encounter your unbelief, perhaps your ridicule; but many things will appear possible in these wild and mysterious regions which would provoke the laughter of those unacquainted with the ever-varied powers of nature; nor can I doubt but that my tale conveys in its series internal evidence of the truth of the events of which it is composed.” You may easily imagine that I was much gratified by the offered communication, yet I could not endure that he should renew his grief by a recital of his misfortunes. I felt the greatest eagerness to hear the promised narrative, partly from curiosity and partly from a strong desire to ameliorate his fate if it were in my power. I expressed these feelings in my answer. “I thank you,” he replied, “for your sympathy, but it is useless; my fate is nearly fulfilled. I wait but for one event, and then I shall repose in peace. I understand your feeling,” continued he, perceiving that I wished to interrupt him; “but you are mistaken, my friend, if thus you will allow me to name you; nothing can alter my destiny; listen to my history, and you will perceive how irrevocably it is determined.” He then told me that he would commence his narrative the next day when I should be at leisure. This promise drew from me the warmest thanks. I have resolved every night, when I am not imperatively occupied by my duties, to record, as nearly as possible in his own words, what he has related during the day. If I should be engaged, I will at least make notes. This manuscript will doubtless afford you the greatest pleasure; but to me, who know him, and who hear it from his own lips—with what interest and sympathy shall I read it in some future day! Even now, as I commence my task, his full-toned voice swells in my ears; his lustrous eyes dwell on me with all their melancholy sweetness; I see his thin hand raised in animation, while the lineaments of his face are irradiated by the soul within. Strange and harrowing must be his story, frightful the storm which embraced the gallant vessel on its course and wrecked it—thus! Chapter 1 I am by birth a Genevese, and my family is one of the most distinguished of that republic. My ancestors had been for many years counsellors and syndics, and my father had filled several public situations with honour and reputation. He was respected by all who knew him for his integrity and indefatigable attention to public business. He passed his younger days perpetually occupied by the affairs of his country; a variety of circumstances had prevented his marrying early, nor was it until the decline of life that he became a husband and the father of a family. As the circumstances of his marriage illustrate his character, I cannot refrain from relating them. One of his most intimate friends was a merchant who, from a flourishing state, fell, through numerous mischances, into poverty. This man, whose name was Beaufort, was of a proud and unbending disposition and could not bear to live in poverty and oblivion in the same country where he had formerly been distinguished for his rank and magnificence. Having paid his debts, therefore, in the most honourable manner, he retreated with his daughter to the town of Lucerne, where he lived unknown and in wretchedness. My father loved Beaufort with the truest friendship and was deeply grieved by his retreat in these unfortunate circumstances. He bitterly deplored the false pride which led his friend to a conduct so little worthy of the affection that united them. He lost no time in endeavouring to seek him out, with the hope of persuading him to begin the world again through his credit and assistance. Beaufort had taken effectual measures to conceal himself, and it was ten months before my father discovered his abode. Overjoyed at this discovery, he hastened to the house, which was situated in a mean street near the Reuss. But when he entered, misery and despair alone welcomed him. Beaufort had saved but a very small sum of money from the wreck of his fortunes, but it was sufficient to provide him with sustenance for some months, and in the meantime he hoped to procure some respectable employment in a merchant’s house. The interval was, consequently, spent in inaction; his grief only became more deep and rankling when he had leisure for reflection, and at length it took so fast hold of his mind that at the end of three months he lay on a bed of sickness, incapable of any exertion. His daughter attended him with the greatest tenderness, but she saw with despair that their little fund was rapidly decreasing and that there was no other prospect of support. But Caroline Beaufort possessed a mind of an uncommon mould, and her courage rose to support her in her adversity. She procured plain work; she plaited straw and by various means contrived to earn a pittance scarcely sufficient to support life. Several months passed in this manner. Her father grew worse; her time was more entirely occupied in attending him; her means of subsistence decreased; and in the tenth month her father died in her arms, leaving her an orphan and a beggar. This last blow overcame her, and she knelt by Beaufort’s coffin weeping bitterly, when my father entered the chamber. He came like a protecting spirit to the poor girl, who committed herself to his care; and after the interment of his friend he conducted her to Geneva and placed her under the protection of a relation. Two years after this event Caroline became his wife. There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection. There was a sense of justice in my father’s upright mind which rendered it necessary that he should approve highly to love strongly. Perhaps during former years he had suffered from the late-discovered unworthiness of one beloved and so was disposed to set a greater value on tried worth. There was a show of gratitude and worship in his attachment to my mother, differing wholly from the doting fondness of age, for it was inspired by reverence for her virtues and a desire to be the means of, in some degree, recompensing her for the sorrows she had endured, but which gave inexpressible grace to his behaviour to her. Everything was made to yield to her wishes and her convenience. He strove to shelter her, as a fair exotic is sheltered by the gardener, from every rougher wind and to surround her with all that could tend to excite pleasurable emotion in her soft and benevolent mind. Her health, and even the tranquillity of her hitherto constant spirit, had been shaken by what she had gone through. During the two years that had elapsed previous to their marriage my father had gradually relinquished all his public functions; and immediately after their union they sought the pleasant climate of Italy, and the change of scene and interest attendant on a tour through that land of wonders, as a restorative for her weakened frame. From Italy they visited Germany and France. I, their eldest child, was born at Naples, and as an infant accompanied them in their rambles. I remained for several years their only child. Much as they were attached to each other, they seemed to draw inexhaustible stores of affection from a very mine of love to bestow them upon me. My mother’s tender caresses and my father’s smile of benevolent pleasure while regarding me are my first recollections. I was their plaything and their idol, and something better—their child, the innocent and helpless creature bestowed on them by Heaven, whom to bring up to good, and whose future lot it was in their hands to direct to happiness or misery, according as they fulfilled their duties towards me. With this deep consciousness of what they owed towards the being to which they had given life, added to the active spirit of tenderness that animated both, it may be imagined that while during every hour of my infant life I received a lesson of patience, of charity, and of self-control, I was so guided by a silken cord that all seemed but one train of enjoyment to me. For a long time I was their only care. My mother had much desired to have a daughter, but I continued their single offspring. When I was about five years old, while making an excursion beyond the frontiers of Italy, they passed a week on the shores of the Lake of Como. Their benevolent disposition often made them enter the cottages of the poor. This, to my mother, was more than a duty; it was a necessity, a passion—remembering what she had suffered, and how she had been relieved—for her to act in her turn the guardian angel to the afflicted. During one of their walks a poor cot in the foldings of a vale attracted their notice as being singularly disconsolate, while the number of half-clothed children gathered about it spoke of penury in its worst shape. One day, when my father had gone by himself to Milan, my mother, accompanied by me, visited this abode. She found a peasant and his wife, hard working, bent down by care and labour, distributing a scanty meal to five hungry babes. Among these there was one which attracted my mother far above all the rest. She appeared of a different stock. The four others were dark-eyed, hardy little vagrants; this child was thin and very fair. Her hair was the brightest living gold, and despite the poverty of her clothing, seemed to set a crown of distinction on her head. Her brow was clear and ample, her blue eyes cloudless, and her lips and the moulding of her face so expressive of sensibility and sweetness that none could behold her without looking on her as of a distinct species, a being heaven-sent, and bearing a celestial stamp in all her features. The peasant woman, perceiving that my mother fixed eyes of wonder and admiration on this lovely girl, eagerly communicated her history. She was not her child, but the daughter of a Milanese nobleman. Her mother was a German and had died on giving her birth. The infant had been placed with these good people to nurse: they were better off then. They had not been long married, and their eldest child was but just born. The father of their charge was one of those Italians nursed in the memory of the antique glory of Italy—one among the _schiavi ognor frementi,_ who exerted himself to obtain the liberty of his country. He became the victim of its weakness. Whether he had died or still lingered in the dungeons of Austria was not known. His property was confiscated; his child became an orphan and a beggar. She continued with her foster parents and bloomed in their rude abode, fairer than a garden rose among dark-leaved brambles. When my father returned from Milan, he found playing with me in the hall of our villa a child fairer than pictured cherub—a creature who seemed to shed radiance from her looks and whose form and motions were lighter than the chamois of the hills. The apparition was soon explained. With his permission my mother prevailed on her rustic guardians to yield their charge to her. They were fond of the sweet orphan. Her presence had seemed a blessing to them, but it would be unfair to her to keep her in poverty and want when Providence afforded her such powerful protection. They consulted their village priest, and the result was that Elizabeth Lavenza became the inmate of my parents’ house—my more than sister—the beautiful and adored companion of all my occupations and my pleasures. Everyone loved Elizabeth. The passionate and almost reverential attachment with which all regarded her became, while I shared it, my pride and my delight. On the evening previous to her being brought to my home, my mother had said playfully, “I have a pretty present for my Victor—tomorrow he shall have it.” And when, on the morrow, she presented Elizabeth to me as her promised gift, I, with childish seriousness, interpreted her words literally and looked upon Elizabeth as mine—mine to protect, love, and cherish. All praises bestowed on her I received as made to a possession of my own. We called each other familiarly by the name of cousin. No word, no expression could body forth the kind of relation in which she stood to me—my more than sister, since till death she was to be mine only. Chapter 2 We were brought up together; there was not quite a year difference in our ages. I need not say that we were strangers to any species of disunion or dispute. Harmony was the soul of our companionship, and the diversity and contrast that subsisted in our characters drew us nearer together. Elizabeth was of a calmer and more concentrated disposition; but, with all my ardour, I was capable of a more intense application and was more deeply smitten with the thirst for knowledge. She busied herself with following the aerial creations of the poets; and in the majestic and wondrous scenes which surrounded our Swiss home —the sublime shapes of the mountains, the changes of the seasons, tempest and calm, the silence of winter, and the life and turbulence of our Alpine summers—she found ample scope for admiration and delight. While my companion contemplated with a serious and satisfied spirit the magnificent appearances of things, I delighted in investigating their causes. The world was to me a secret which I desired to divine. Curiosity, earnest research to learn the hidden laws of nature, gladness akin to rapture, as they were unfolded to me, are among the earliest sensations I can remember. On the birth of a second son, my junior by seven years, my parents gave up entirely their wandering life and fixed themselves in their native country. We possessed a house in Geneva, and a _campagne_ on Belrive, the eastern shore of the lake, at the distance of rather more than a league from the city. We resided principally in the latter, and the lives of my parents were passed in considerable seclusion. It was my temper to avoid a crowd and to attach myself fervently to a few. I was indifferent, therefore, to my school-fellows in general; but I united myself in the bonds of the closest friendship to one among them. Henry Clerval was the son of a merchant of Geneva. He was a boy of singular talent and fancy. He loved enterprise, hardship, and even danger for its own sake. He was deeply read in books of chivalry and romance. He composed heroic songs and began to write many a tale of enchantment and knightly adventure. He tried to make us act plays and to enter into masquerades, in which the characters were drawn from the heroes of Roncesvalles, of the Round Table of King Arthur, and the chivalrous train who shed their blood to redeem the holy sepulchre from the hands of the infidels. No human being could have passed a happier childhood than myself. My parents were possessed by the very spirit of kindness and indulgence. We felt that they were not the tyrants to rule our lot according to their caprice, but the agents and creators of all the many delights which we enjoyed. When I mingled with other families I distinctly discerned how peculiarly fortunate my lot was, and gratitude assisted the development of filial love. My temper was sometimes violent, and my passions vehement; but by some law in my temperature they were turned not towards childish pursuits but to an eager desire to learn, and not to learn all things indiscriminately. I confess that neither the structure of languages, nor the code of governments, nor the politics of various states possessed attractions for me. It was the secrets of heaven and earth that I desired to learn; and whether it was the outward substance of things or the inner spirit of nature and the mysterious soul of man that occupied me, still my inquiries were directed to the metaphysical, or in its highest sense, the physical secrets of the world. Meanwhile Clerval occupied himself, so to speak, with the moral relations of things. The busy stage of life, the virtues of heroes, and the actions of men were his theme; and his hope and his dream was to become one among those whose names are recorded in story as the gallant and adventurous benefactors of our species. The saintly soul of Elizabeth shone like a shrine-dedicated lamp in our peaceful home. Her sympathy was ours; her smile, her soft voice, the sweet glance of her celestial eyes, were ever there to bless and animate us. She was the living spirit of love to soften and attract; I might have become sullen in my study, rough through the ardour of my nature, but that she was there to subdue me to a semblance of her own gentleness. And Clerval—could aught ill entrench on the noble spirit of Clerval? Yet he might not have been so perfectly humane, so thoughtful in his generosity, so full of kindness and tenderness amidst his passion for adventurous exploit, had she not unfolded to him the real loveliness of beneficence and made the doing good the end and aim of his soaring ambition. I feel exquisite pleasure in dwelling on the recollections of childhood, before misfortune had tainted my mind and changed its bright visions of extensive usefulness into gloomy and narrow reflections upon self. Besides, in drawing the picture of my early days, I also record those events which led, by insensible steps, to my after tale of misery, for when I would account to myself for the birth of that passion which afterwards ruled my destiny I find it arise, like a mountain river, from ignoble and almost forgotten sources; but, swelling as it proceeded, it became the torrent which, in its course, has swept away all my hopes and joys. Natural philosophy is the genius that has regulated my fate; I desire, therefore, in this narration, to state those facts which led to my predilection for that science. When I was thirteen years of age we all went on a party of pleasure to the baths near Thonon; the inclemency of the weather obliged us to remain a day confined to the inn. In this house I chanced to find a volume of the works of Cornelius Agrippa. I opened it with apathy; the theory which he attempts to demonstrate and the wonderful facts which he relates soon changed this feeling into enthusiasm. A new light seemed to dawn upon my mind, and bounding with joy, I communicated my discovery to my father. My father looked carelessly at the title page of my book and said, “Ah! Cornelius Agrippa! My dear Victor, do not waste your time upon this; it is sad trash.” If, instead of this remark, my father had taken the pains to explain to me that the principles of Agrippa had been entirely exploded and that a modern system of science had been introduced which possessed much greater powers than the ancient, because the powers of the latter were chimerical, while those of the former were real and practical, under such circumstances I should certainly have thrown Agrippa aside and have contented my imagination, warmed as it was, by returning with greater ardour to my former studies. It is even possible that the train of my ideas would never have received the fatal impulse that led to my ruin. But the cursory glance my father had taken of my volume by no means assured me that he was acquainted with its contents, and I continued to read with the greatest avidity. When I returned home my first care was to procure the whole works of this author, and afterwards of Paracelsus and Albertus Magnus. I read and studied the wild fancies of these writers with delight; they appeared to me treasures known to few besides myself. I have described myself as always having been imbued with a fervent longing to penetrate the secrets of nature. In spite of the intense labour and wonderful discoveries of modern philosophers, I always came from my studies discontented and unsatisfied. Sir Isaac Newton is said to have avowed that he felt like a child picking up shells beside the great and unexplored ocean of truth. Those of his successors in each branch of natural philosophy with whom I was acquainted appeared even to my boy’s apprehensions as tyros engaged in the same pursuit. The untaught peasant beheld the elements around him and was acquainted with their practical uses. The most learned philosopher knew little more. He had partially unveiled the face of Nature, but her immortal lineaments were still a wonder and a mystery. He might dissect, anatomise, and give names; but, not to speak of a final cause, causes in their secondary and tertiary grades were utterly unknown to him. I had gazed upon the fortifications and impediments that seemed to keep human beings from entering the citadel of nature, and rashly and ignorantly I had repined. But here were books, and here were men who had penetrated deeper and knew more. I took their word for all that they averred, and I became their disciple. It may appear strange that such should arise in the eighteenth century; but while I followed the routine of education in the schools of Geneva, I was, to a great degree, self-taught with regard to my favourite studies. My father was not scientific, and I was left to struggle with a child’s blindness, added to a student’s thirst for knowledge. Under the guidance of my new preceptors I entered with the greatest diligence into the search of the philosopher’s stone and the elixir of life; but the latter soon obtained my undivided attention. Wealth was an inferior object, but what glory would attend the discovery if I could banish disease from the human frame and render man invulnerable to any but a violent death! Nor were these my only visions. The raising of ghosts or devils was a promise liberally accorded by my favourite authors, the fulfilment of which I most eagerly sought; and if my incantations were always unsuccessful, I attributed the failure rather to my own inexperience and mistake than to a want of skill or fidelity in my instructors. And thus for a time I was occupied by exploded systems, mingling, like an unadept, a thousand contradictory theories and floundering desperately in a very slough of multifarious knowledge, guided by an ardent imagination and childish reasoning, till an accident again changed the current of my ideas. When I was about fifteen years old we had retired to our house near Belrive, when we witnessed a most violent and terrible thunderstorm. It advanced from behind the mountains of Jura, and the thunder burst at once with frightful loudness from various quarters of the heavens. I remained, while the storm lasted, watching its progress with curiosity and delight. As I stood at the door, on a sudden I beheld a stream of fire issue from an old and beautiful oak which stood about twenty yards from our house; and so soon as the dazzling light vanished, the oak had disappeared, and nothing remained but a blasted stump. When we visited it the next morning, we found the tree shattered in a singular manner. It was not splintered by the shock, but entirely reduced to thin ribbons of wood. I never beheld anything so utterly destroyed. Before this I was not unacquainted with the more obvious laws of electricity. On this occasion a man of great research in natural philosophy was with us, and excited by this catastrophe, he entered on the explanation of a theory which he had formed on the subject of electricity and galvanism, which was at once new and astonishing to me. All that he said threw greatly into the shade Cornelius Agrippa, Albertus Magnus, and Paracelsus, the lords of my imagination; but by some fatality the overthrow of these men disinclined me to pursue my accustomed studies. It seemed to me as if nothing would or could ever be known. All that had so long engaged my attention suddenly grew despicable. By one of those caprices of the mind which we are perhaps most subject to in early youth, I at once gave up my former occupations, set down natural history and all its progeny as a deformed and abortive creation, and entertained the greatest disdain for a would-be science which could never even step within the threshold of real knowledge. In this mood of mind I betook myself to the mathematics and the branches of study appertaining to that science as being built upon secure foundations, and so worthy of my consideration. Thus strangely are our souls constructed, and by such slight ligaments are we bound to prosperity or ruin. When I look back, it seems to me as if this almost miraculous change of inclination and will was the immediate suggestion of the guardian angel of my life—the last effort made by the spirit of preservation to avert the storm that was even then hanging in the stars and ready to envelop me. Her victory was announced by an unusual tranquillity and gladness of soul which followed the relinquishing of my ancient and latterly tormenting studies. It was thus that I was to be taught to associate evil with their prosecution, happiness with their disregard. It was a strong effort of the spirit of good, but it was ineffectual. Destiny was too potent, and her immutable laws had decreed my utter and terrible destruction. Chapter 3 When I had attained the age of seventeen my parents resolved that I should become a student at the university of Ingolstadt. I had hitherto attended the schools of Geneva, but my father thought it necessary for the completion of my education that I should be made acquainted with other customs than those of my native country. My departure was therefore fixed at an early date, but before the day resolved upon could arrive, the first misfortune of my life occurred—an omen, as it were, of my future misery. Elizabeth had caught the scarlet fever; her illness was severe, and she was in the greatest danger. During her illness many arguments had been urged to persuade my mother to refrain from attending upon her. She had at first yielded to our entreaties, but when she heard that the life of her favourite was menaced, she could no longer control her anxiety. She attended her sickbed; her watchful attentions triumphed over the malignity of the distemper—Elizabeth was saved, but the consequences of this imprudence were fatal to her preserver. On the third day my mother sickened; her fever was accompanied by the most alarming symptoms, and the looks of her medical attendants prognosticated the worst event. On her deathbed the fortitude and benignity of this best of women did not desert her. She joined the hands of Elizabeth and myself. “My children,” she said, “my firmest hopes of future happiness were placed on the prospect of your union. This expectation will now be the consolation of your father. Elizabeth, my love, you must supply my place to my younger children. Alas! I regret that I am taken from you; and, happy and beloved as I have been, is it not hard to quit you all? But these are not thoughts befitting me; I will endeavour to resign myself cheerfully to death and will indulge a hope of meeting you in another world.” She died calmly, and her countenance expressed affection even in death. I need not describe the feelings of those whose dearest ties are rent by that most irreparable evil, the void that presents itself to the soul, and the despair that is exhibited on the countenance. It is so long before the mind can persuade itself that she whom we saw every day and whose very existence appeared a part of our own can have departed for ever—that the brightness of a beloved eye can have been extinguished and the sound of a voice so familiar and dear to the ear can be hushed, never more to be heard. These are the reflections of the first days; but when the lapse of time proves the reality of the evil, then the actual bitterness of grief commences. Yet from whom has not that rude hand rent away some dear connection? And why should I describe a sorrow which all have felt, and must feel? The time at length arrives when grief is rather an indulgence than a necessity; and the smile that plays upon the lips, although it may be deemed a sacrilege, is not banished. My mother was dead, but we had still duties which we ought to perform; we must continue our course with the rest and learn to think ourselves fortunate whilst one remains whom the spoiler has not seized. My departure for Ingolstadt, which had been deferred by these events, was now again determined upon. I obtained from my father a respite of some weeks. It appeared to me sacrilege so soon to leave the repose, akin to death, of the house of mourning and to rush into the thick of life. I was new to sorrow, but it did not the less alarm me. I was unwilling to quit the sight of those that remained to me, and above all, I desired to see my sweet Elizabeth in some degree consoled. She indeed veiled her grief and strove to act the comforter to us all. She looked steadily on life and assumed its duties with courage and zeal. She devoted herself to those whom she had been taught to call her uncle and cousins. Never was she so enchanting as at this time, when she recalled the sunshine of her smiles and spent them upon us. She forgot even her own regret in her endeavours to make us forget. The day of my departure at length arrived. Clerval spent the last evening with us. He had endeavoured to persuade his father to permit him to accompany me and to become my fellow student, but in vain. His father was a narrow-minded trader and saw idleness and ruin in the aspirations and ambition of his son. Henry deeply felt the misfortune of being debarred from a liberal education. He said little, but when he spoke I read in his kindling eye and in his animated glance a restrained but firm resolve not to be chained to the miserable details of commerce. We sat late. We could not tear ourselves away from each other nor persuade ourselves to say the word “Farewell!” It was said, and we retired under the pretence of seeking repose, each fancying that the other was deceived; but when at morning’s dawn I descended to the carriage which was to convey me away, they were all there—my father again to bless me, Clerval to press my hand once more, my Elizabeth to renew her entreaties that I would write often and to bestow the last feminine attentions on her playmate and friend. I threw myself into the chaise that was to convey me away and indulged in the most melancholy reflections. I, who had ever been surrounded by amiable companions, continually engaged in endeavouring to bestow mutual pleasure—I was now alone. In the university whither I was going I must form my own friends and be my own protector. My life had hitherto been remarkably secluded and domestic, and this had given me invincible repugnance to new countenances. I loved my brothers, Elizabeth, and Clerval; these were “old familiar faces,” but I believed myself totally unfitted for the company of strangers. Such were my reflections as I commenced my journey; but as I proceeded, my spirits and hopes rose. I ardently desired the acquisition of knowledge. I had often, when at home, thought it hard to remain during my youth cooped up in one place and had longed to enter the world and take my station among other human beings. Now my desires were complied with, and it would, indeed, have been folly to repent. I had sufficient leisure for these and many other reflections during my journey to Ingolstadt, which was long and fatiguing. At length the high white steeple of the town met my eyes. I alighted and was conducted to my solitary apartment to spend the evening as I pleased. The next morning I delivered my letters of introduction and paid a visit to some of the principal professors. Chance—or rather the evil influence, the Angel of Destruction, which asserted omnipotent sway over me from the moment I turned my reluctant steps from my father’s door—led me first to M. Krempe, professor of natural philosophy. He was an uncouth man, but deeply imbued in the secrets of his science. He asked me several questions concerning my progress in the different branches of science appertaining to natural philosophy. I replied carelessly, and partly in contempt, mentioned the names of my alchemists as the principal authors I had studied. The professor stared. “Have you,” he said, “really spent your time in studying such nonsense?” I replied in the affirmative. “Every minute,” continued M. Krempe with warmth, “every instant that you have wasted on those books is utterly and entirely lost. You have burdened your memory with exploded systems and useless names. Good God! In what desert land have you lived, where no one was kind enough to inform you that these fancies which you have so greedily imbibed are a thousand years old and as musty as they are ancient? I little expected, in this enlightened and scientific age, to find a disciple of Albertus Magnus and Paracelsus. My dear sir, you must begin your studies entirely anew.” So saying, he stepped aside and wrote down a list of several books treating of natural philosophy which he desired me to procure, and dismissed me after mentioning that in the beginning of the following week he intended to commence a course of lectures upon natural philosophy in its general relations, and that M. Waldman, a fellow professor, would lecture upon chemistry the alternate days that he omitted. I returned home not disappointed, for I have said that I had long considered those authors useless whom the professor reprobated; but I returned not at all the more inclined to recur to these studies in any shape. M. Krempe was a little squat man with a gruff voice and a repulsive countenance; the teacher, therefore, did not prepossess me in favour of his pursuits. In rather a too philosophical and connected a strain, perhaps, I have given an account of the conclusions I had come to concerning them in my early years. As a child I had not been content with the results promised by the modern professors of natural science. With a confusion of ideas only to be accounted for by my extreme youth and my want of a guide on such matters, I had retrod the steps of knowledge along the paths of time and exchanged the discoveries of recent inquirers for the dreams of forgotten alchemists. Besides, I had a contempt for the uses of modern natural philosophy. It was very different when the masters of the science sought immortality and power; such views, although futile, were grand; but now the scene was changed. The ambition of the inquirer seemed to limit itself to the annihilation of those visions on which my interest in science was chiefly founded. I was required to exchange chimeras of boundless grandeur for realities of little worth. Such were my reflections during the first two or three days of my residence at Ingolstadt, which were chiefly spent in becoming acquainted with the localities and the principal residents in my new abode. But as the ensuing week commenced, I thought of the information which M. Krempe had given me concerning the lectures. And although I could not consent to go and hear that little conceited fellow deliver sentences out of a pulpit, I recollected what he had said of M. Waldman, whom I had never seen, as he had hitherto been out of town. Partly from curiosity and partly from idleness, I went into the lecturing room, which M. Waldman entered shortly after. This professor was very unlike his colleague. He appeared about fifty years of age, but with an aspect expressive of the greatest benevolence; a few grey hairs covered his temples, but those at the back of his head were nearly black. His person was short but remarkably erect and his voice the sweetest I had ever heard. He began his lecture by a recapitulation of the history of chemistry and the various improvements made by different men of learning, pronouncing with fervour the names of the most distinguished discoverers. He then took a cursory view of the present state of the science and explained many of its elementary terms. After having made a few preparatory experiments, he concluded with a panegyric upon modern chemistry, the terms of which I shall never forget: “The ancient teachers of this science,” said he, “promised impossibilities and performed nothing. The modern masters promise very little; they know that metals cannot be transmuted and that the elixir of life is a chimera but these philosophers, whose hands seem only made to dabble in dirt, and their eyes to pore over the microscope or crucible, have indeed performed miracles. They penetrate into the recesses of nature and show how she works in her hiding-places. They ascend into the heavens; they have discovered how the blood circulates, and the nature of the air we breathe. They have acquired new and almost unlimited powers; they can command the thunders of heaven, mimic the earthquake, and even mock the invisible world with its own shadows.” Such were the professor’s words—rather let me say such the words of the fate—enounced to destroy me. As he went on I felt as if my soul were grappling with a palpable enemy; one by one the various keys were touched which formed the mechanism of my being; chord after chord was sounded, and soon my mind was filled with one thought, one conception, one purpose. So much has been done, exclaimed the soul of Frankenstein—more, far more, will I achieve; treading in the steps already marked, I will pioneer a new way, explore unknown powers, and unfold to the world the deepest mysteries of creation. I closed not my eyes that night. My internal being was in a state of insurrection and turmoil; I felt that order would thence arise, but I had no power to produce it. By degrees, after the morning’s dawn, sleep came. I awoke, and my yesternight’s thoughts were as a dream. There only remained a resolution to return to my ancient studies and to devote myself to a science for which I believed myself to possess a natural talent. On the same day I paid M. Waldman a visit. His manners in private were even more mild and attractive than in public, for there was a certain dignity in his mien during his lecture which in his own house was replaced by the greatest affability and kindness. I gave him pretty nearly the same account of my former pursuits as I had given to his fellow professor. He heard with attention the little narration concerning my studies and smiled at the names of Cornelius Agrippa and Paracelsus, but without the contempt that M. Krempe had exhibited. He said that “These were men to whose indefatigable zeal modern philosophers were indebted for most of the foundations of their knowledge. They had left to us, as an easier task, to give new names and arrange in connected classifications the facts which they in a great degree had been the instruments of bringing to light. The labours of men of genius, however erroneously directed, scarcely ever fail in ultimately turning to the solid advantage of mankind.” I listened to his statement, which was delivered without any presumption or affectation, and then added that his lecture had removed my prejudices against modern chemists; I expressed myself in measured terms, with the modesty and deference due from a youth to his instructor, without letting escape (inexperience in life would have made me ashamed) any of the enthusiasm which stimulated my intended labours. I requested his advice concerning the books I ought to procure. “I am happy,” said M. Waldman, “to have gained a disciple; and if your application equals your ability, I have no doubt of your success. Chemistry is that branch of natural philosophy in which the greatest improvements have been and may be made; it is on that account that I have made it my peculiar study; but at the same time, I have not neglected the other branches of science. A man would make but a very sorry chemist if he attended to that department of human knowledge alone. If your wish is to become really a man of science and not merely a petty experimentalist, I should advise you to apply to every branch of natural philosophy, including mathematics.” He then took me into his laboratory and explained to me the uses of his various machines, instructing me as to what I ought to procure and promising me the use of his own when I should have advanced far enough in the science not to derange their mechanism. He also gave me the list of books which I had requested, and I took my leave. Thus ended a day memorable to me; it decided my future destiny. Chapter 4 From this day natural philosophy, and particularly chemistry, in the most comprehensive sense of the term, became nearly my sole occupation. I read with ardour those works, so full of genius and discrimination, which modern inquirers have written on these subjects. I attended the lectures and cultivated the acquaintance of the men of science of the university, and I found even in M. Krempe a great deal of sound sense and real information, combined, it is true, with a repulsive physiognomy and manners, but not on that account the less valuable. In M. Waldman I found a true friend. His gentleness was never tinged by dogmatism, and his instructions were given with an air of frankness and good nature that banished every idea of pedantry. In a thousand ways he smoothed for me the path of knowledge and made the most abstruse inquiries clear and facile to my apprehension. My application was at first fluctuating and uncertain; it gained strength as I proceeded and soon became so ardent and eager that the stars often disappeared in the light of morning whilst I was yet engaged in my laboratory. As I applied so closely, it may be easily conceived that my progress was rapid. My ardour was indeed the astonishment of the students, and my proficiency that of the masters. Professor Krempe often asked me, with a sly smile, how Cornelius Agrippa went on, whilst M. Waldman expressed the most heartfelt exultation in my progress. Two years passed in this manner, during which I paid no visit to Geneva, but was engaged, heart and soul, in the pursuit of some discoveries which I hoped to make. None but those who have experienced them can conceive of the enticements of science. In other studies you go as far as others have gone before you, and there is nothing more to know; but in a scientific pursuit there is continual food for discovery and wonder. A mind of moderate capacity which closely pursues one study must infallibly arrive at great proficiency in that study; and I, who continually sought the attainment of one object of pursuit and was solely wrapped up in this, improved so rapidly that at the end of two years I made some discoveries in the improvement of some chemical instruments, which procured me great esteem and admiration at the university. When I had arrived at this point and had become as well acquainted with the theory and practice of natural philosophy as depended on the lessons of any of the professors at Ingolstadt, my residence there being no longer conducive to my improvements, I thought of returning to my friends and my native town, when an incident happened that protracted my stay. One of the phenomena which had peculiarly attracted my attention was the structure of the human frame, and, indeed, any animal endued with life. Whence, I often asked myself, did the principle of life proceed? It was a bold question, and one which has ever been considered as a mystery; yet with how many things are we upon the brink of becoming acquainted, if cowardice or carelessness did not restrain our inquiries. I revolved these circumstances in my mind and determined thenceforth to apply myself more particularly to those branches of natural philosophy which relate to physiology. Unless I had been animated by an almost supernatural enthusiasm, my application to this study would have been irksome and almost intolerable. To examine the causes of life, we must first have recourse to death. I became acquainted with the science of anatomy, but this was not sufficient; I must also observe the natural decay and corruption of the human body. In my education my father had taken the greatest precautions that my mind should be impressed with no supernatural horrors. I do not ever remember to have trembled at a tale of superstition or to have feared the apparition of a spirit. Darkness had no effect upon my fancy, and a churchyard was to me merely the receptacle of bodies deprived of life, which, from being the seat of beauty and strength, had become food for the worm. Now I was led to examine the cause and progress of this decay and forced to spend days and nights in vaults and charnel-houses. My attention was fixed upon every object the most insupportable to the delicacy of the human feelings. I saw how the fine form of man was degraded and wasted; I beheld the corruption of death succeed to the blooming cheek of life; I saw how the worm inherited the wonders of the eye and brain. I paused, examining and analysing all the minutiae of causation, as exemplified in the change from life to death, and death to life, until from the midst of this darkness a sudden light broke in upon me—a light so brilliant and wondrous, yet so simple, that while I became dizzy with the immensity of the prospect which it illustrated, I was surprised that among so many men of genius who had directed their inquiries towards the same science, that I alone should be reserved to discover so astonishing a secret. Remember, I am not recording the vision of a madman. The sun does not more certainly shine in the heavens than that which I now affirm is true. Some miracle might have produced it, yet the stages of the discovery were distinct and probable. After days and nights of incredible labour and fatigue, I succeeded in discovering the cause of generation and life; nay, more, I became myself capable of bestowing animation upon lifeless matter. The astonishment which I had at first experienced on this discovery soon gave place to delight and rapture. After so much time spent in painful labour, to arrive at once at the summit of my desires was the most gratifying consummation of my toils. But this discovery was so great and overwhelming that all the steps by which I had been progressively led to it were obliterated, and I beheld only the result. What had been the study and desire of the wisest men since the creation of the world was now within my grasp. Not that, like a magic scene, it all opened upon me at once: the information I had obtained was of a nature rather to direct my endeavours so soon as I should point them towards the object of my search than to exhibit that object already accomplished. I was like the Arabian who had been buried with the dead and found a passage to life, aided only by one glimmering and seemingly ineffectual light. I see by your eagerness and the wonder and hope which your eyes express, my friend, that you expect to be informed of the secret with which I am acquainted; that cannot be; listen patiently until the end of my story, and you will easily perceive why I am reserved upon that subject. I will not lead you on, unguarded and ardent as I then was, to your destruction and infallible misery. Learn from me, if not by my precepts, at least by my example, how dangerous is the acquirement of knowledge and how much happier that man is who believes his native town to be the world, than he who aspires to become greater than his nature will allow. When I found so astonishing a power placed within my hands, I hesitated a long time concerning the manner in which I should employ it. Although I possessed the capacity of bestowing animation, yet to prepare a frame for the reception of it, with all its intricacies of fibres, muscles, and veins, still remained a work of inconceivable difficulty and labour. I doubted at first whether I should attempt the creation of a being like myself, or one of simpler organization; but my imagination was too much exalted by my first success to permit me to doubt of my ability to give life to an animal as complex and wonderful as man. The materials at present within my command hardly appeared adequate to so arduous an undertaking, but I doubted not that I should ultimately succeed. I prepared myself for a multitude of reverses; my operations might be incessantly baffled, and at last my work be imperfect, yet when I considered the improvement which every day takes place in science and mechanics, I was encouraged to hope my present attempts would at least lay the foundations of future success. Nor could I consider the magnitude and complexity of my plan as any argument of its impracticability. It was with these feelings that I began the creation of a human being. As the minuteness of the parts formed a great hindrance to my speed, I resolved, contrary to my first intention, to make the being of a gigantic stature, that is to say, about eight feet in height, and proportionably large. After having formed this determination and having spent some months in successfully collecting and arranging my materials, I began. No one can conceive the variety of feelings which bore me onwards, like a hurricane, in the first enthusiasm of success. Life and death appeared to me ideal bounds, which I should first break through, and pour a torrent of light into our dark world. A new species would bless me as its creator and source; many happy and excellent natures would owe their being to me. No father could claim the gratitude of his child so completely as I should deserve theirs. Pursuing these reflections, I thought that if I could bestow animation upon lifeless matter, I might in process of time (although I now found it impossible) renew life where death had apparently devoted the body to corruption. These thoughts supported my spirits, while I pursued my undertaking with unremitting ardour. My cheek had grown pale with study, and my person had become emaciated with confinement. Sometimes, on the very brink of certainty, I failed; yet still I clung to the hope which the next day or the next hour might realise. One secret which I alone possessed was the hope to which I had dedicated myself; and the moon gazed on my midnight labours, while, with unrelaxed and breathless eagerness, I pursued nature to her hiding-places. Who shall conceive the horrors of my secret toil as I dabbled among the unhallowed damps of the grave or tortured the living animal to animate the lifeless clay? My limbs now tremble, and my eyes swim with the remembrance; but then a resistless and almost frantic impulse urged me forward; I seemed to have lost all soul or sensation but for this one pursuit. It was indeed but a passing trance, that only made me feel with renewed acuteness so soon as, the unnatural stimulus ceasing to operate, I had returned to my old habits. I collected bones from charnel-houses and disturbed, with profane fingers, the tremendous secrets of the human frame. In a solitary chamber, or rather cell, at the top of the house, and separated from all the other apartments by a gallery and staircase, I kept my workshop of filthy creation; my eyeballs were starting from their sockets in attending to the details of my employment. The dissecting room and the slaughter-house furnished many of my materials; and often did my human nature turn with loathing from my occupation, whilst, still urged on by an eagerness which perpetually increased, I brought my work near to a conclusion. The summer months passed while I was thus engaged, heart and soul, in one pursuit. It was a most beautiful season; never did the fields bestow a more plentiful harvest or the vines yield a more luxuriant vintage, but my eyes were insensible to the charms of nature. And the same feelings which made me neglect the scenes around me caused me also to forget those friends who were so many miles absent, and whom I had not seen for so long a time. I knew my silence disquieted them, and I well remembered the words of my father: “I know that while you are pleased with yourself you will think of us with affection, and we shall hear regularly from you. You must pardon me if I regard any interruption in your correspondence as a proof that your other duties are equally neglected.” I knew well therefore what would be my father’s feelings, but I could not tear my thoughts from my employment, loathsome in itself, but which had taken an irresistible hold of my imagination. I wished, as it were, to procrastinate all that related to my feelings of affection until the great object, which swallowed up every habit of my nature, should be completed. I then thought that my father would be unjust if he ascribed my neglect to vice or faultiness on my part, but I am now convinced that he was justified in conceiving that I should not be altogether free from blame. A human being in perfection ought always to preserve a calm and peaceful mind and never to allow passion or a transitory desire to disturb his tranquillity. I do not think that the pursuit of knowledge is an exception to this rule. If the study to which you apply yourself has a tendency to weaken your affections and to destroy your taste for those simple pleasures in which no alloy can possibly mix, then that study is certainly unlawful, that is to say, not befitting the human mind. If this rule were always observed; if no man allowed any pursuit whatsoever to interfere with the tranquillity of his domestic affections, Greece had not been enslaved, Cæsar would have spared his country, America would have been discovered more gradually, and the empires of Mexico and Peru had not been destroyed. But I forget that I am moralizing in the most interesting part of my tale, and your looks remind me to proceed. My father made no reproach in his letters and only took notice of my silence by inquiring into my occupations more particularly than before. Winter, spring, and summer passed away during my labours; but I did not watch the blossom or the expanding leaves—sights which before always yielded me supreme delight—so deeply was I engrossed in my occupation. The leaves of that year had withered before my work drew near to a close, and now every day showed me more plainly how well I had succeeded. But my enthusiasm was checked by my anxiety, and I appeared rather like one doomed by slavery to toil in the mines, or any other unwholesome trade than an artist occupied by his favourite employment. Every night I was oppressed by a slow fever, and I became nervous to a most painful degree; the fall of a leaf startled me, and I shunned my fellow creatures as if I had been guilty of a crime. Sometimes I grew alarmed at the wreck I perceived that I had become; the energy of my purpose alone sustained me: my labours would soon end, and I believed that exercise and amusement would then drive away incipient disease; and I promised myself both of these when my creation should be complete. Chapter 5 It was on a dreary night of November that I beheld the accomplishment of my toils. With an anxiety that almost amounted to agony, I collected the instruments of life around me, that I might infuse a spark of being into the lifeless thing that lay at my feet. It was already one in the morning; the rain pattered dismally against the panes, and my candle was nearly burnt out, when, by the glimmer of the half-extinguished light, I saw the dull yellow eye of the creature open; it breathed hard, and a convulsive motion agitated its limbs. How can I describe my emotions at this catastrophe, or how delineate the wretch whom with such infinite pains and care I had endeavoured to form? His limbs were in proportion, and I had selected his features as beautiful. Beautiful! Great God! His yellow skin scarcely covered the work of muscles and arteries beneath; his hair was of a lustrous black, and flowing; his teeth of a pearly whiteness; but these luxuriances only formed a more horrid contrast with his watery eyes, that seemed almost of the same colour as the dun-white sockets in which they were set, his shrivelled complexion and straight black lips. The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature. I had worked hard for nearly two years, for the sole purpose of infusing life into an inanimate body. For this I had deprived myself of rest and health. I had desired it with an ardour that far exceeded moderation; but now that I had finished, the beauty of the dream vanished, and breathless horror and disgust filled my heart. Unable to endure the aspect of the being I had created, I rushed out of the room and continued a long time traversing my bed-chamber, unable to compose my mind to sleep. At length lassitude succeeded to the tumult I had before endured, and I threw myself on the bed in my clothes, endeavouring to seek a few moments of forgetfulness. But it was in vain; I slept, indeed, but I was disturbed by the wildest dreams. I thought I saw Elizabeth, in the bloom of health, walking in the streets of Ingolstadt. Delighted and surprised, I embraced her, but as I imprinted the first kiss on her lips, they became livid with the hue of death; her features appeared to change, and I thought that I held the corpse of my dead mother in my arms; a shroud enveloped her form, and I saw the grave-worms crawling in the folds of the flannel. I started from my sleep with horror; a cold dew covered my forehead, my teeth chattered, and every limb became convulsed; when, by the dim and yellow light of the moon, as it forced its way through the window shutters, I beheld the wretch—the miserable monster whom I had created. He held up the curtain of the bed; and his eyes, if eyes they may be called, were fixed on me. His jaws opened, and he muttered some inarticulate sounds, while a grin wrinkled his cheeks. He might have spoken, but I did not hear; one hand was stretched out, seemingly to detain me, but I escaped and rushed downstairs. I took refuge in the courtyard belonging to the house which I inhabited, where I remained during the rest of the night, walking up and down in the greatest agitation, listening attentively, catching and fearing each sound as if it were to announce the approach of the demoniacal corpse to which I had so miserably given life. Oh! No mortal could support the horror of that countenance. A mummy again endued with animation could not be so hideous as that wretch. I had gazed on him while unfinished; he was ugly then, but when those muscles and joints were rendered capable of motion, it became a thing such as even Dante could not have conceived. I passed the night wretchedly. Sometimes my pulse beat so quickly and hardly that I felt the palpitation of every artery; at others, I nearly sank to the ground through languor and extreme weakness. Mingled with this horror, I felt the bitterness of disappointment; dreams that had been my food and pleasant rest for so long a space were now become a hell to me; and the change was so rapid, the overthrow so complete! Morning, dismal and wet, at length dawned and discovered to my sleepless and aching eyes the church of Ingolstadt, its white steeple and clock, which indicated the sixth hour. The porter opened the gates of the court, which had that night been my asylum, and I issued into the streets, pacing them with quick steps, as if I sought to avoid the wretch whom I feared every turning of the street would present to my view. I did not dare return to the apartment which I inhabited, but felt impelled to hurry on, although drenched by the rain which poured from a black and comfortless sky. I continued walking in this manner for some time, endeavouring by bodily exercise to ease the load that weighed upon my mind. I traversed the streets without any clear conception of where I was or what I was doing. My heart palpitated in the sickness of fear, and I hurried on with irregular steps, not daring to look about me: Like one who, on a lonely road, Doth walk in fear and dread, And, having once turned round, walks on, And turns no more his head; Because he knows a frightful fiend Doth close behind him tread. [Coleridge’s “Ancient Mariner.”] Continuing thus, I came at length opposite to the inn at which the various diligences and carriages usually stopped. Here I paused, I knew not why; but I remained some minutes with my eyes fixed on a coach that was coming towards me from the other end of the street. As it drew nearer I observed that it was the Swiss diligence; it stopped just where I was standing, and on the door being opened, I perceived Henry Clerval, who, on seeing me, instantly sprung out. “My dear Frankenstein,” exclaimed he, “how glad I am to see you! How fortunate that you should be here at the very moment of my alighting!” Nothing could equal my delight on seeing Clerval; his presence brought back to my thoughts my father, Elizabeth, and all those scenes of home so dear to my recollection. I grasped his hand, and in a moment forgot my horror and misfortune; I felt suddenly, and for the first time during many months, calm and serene joy. I welcomed my friend, therefore, in the most cordial manner, and we walked towards my college. Clerval continued talking for some time about our mutual friends and his own good fortune in being permitted to come to Ingolstadt. “You may easily believe,” said he, “how great was the difficulty to persuade my father that all necessary knowledge was not comprised in the noble art of book-keeping; and, indeed, I believe I left him incredulous to the last, for his constant answer to my unwearied entreaties was the same as that of the Dutch schoolmaster in The Vicar of Wakefield: ‘I have ten thousand florins a year without Greek, I eat heartily without Greek.’ But his affection for me at length overcame his dislike of learning, and he has permitted me to undertake a voyage of discovery to the land of knowledge.” “It gives me the greatest delight to see you; but tell me how you left my father, brothers, and Elizabeth.” “Very well, and very happy, only a little uneasy that they hear from you so seldom. By the by, I mean to lecture you a little upon their account myself. But, my dear Frankenstein,” continued he, stopping short and gazing full in my face, “I did not before remark how very ill you appear; so thin and pale; you look as if you had been watching for several nights.” “You have guessed right; I have lately been so deeply engaged in one occupation that I have not allowed myself sufficient rest, as you see; but I hope, I sincerely hope, that all these employments are now at an end and that I am at length free.” I trembled excessively; I could not endure to think of, and far less to allude to, the occurrences of the preceding night. I walked with a quick pace, and we soon arrived at my college. I then reflected, and the thought made me shiver, that the creature whom I had left in my apartment might still be there, alive and walking about. I dreaded to behold this monster, but I feared still more that Henry should see him. Entreating him, therefore, to remain a few minutes at the bottom of the stairs, I darted up towards my own room. My hand was already on the lock of the door before I recollected myself. I then paused, and a cold shivering came over me. I threw the door forcibly open, as children are accustomed to do when they expect a spectre to stand in waiting for them on the other side; but nothing appeared. I stepped fearfully in: the apartment was empty, and my bedroom was also freed from its hideous guest. I could hardly believe that so great a good fortune could have befallen me, but when I became assured that my enemy had indeed fled, I clapped my hands for joy and ran down to Clerval. We ascended into my room, and the servant presently brought breakfast; but I was unable to contain myself. It was not joy only that possessed me; I felt my flesh tingle with excess of sensitiveness, and my pulse beat rapidly. I was unable to remain for a single instant in the same place; I jumped over the chairs, clapped my hands, and laughed aloud. Clerval at first attributed my unusual spirits to joy on his arrival, but when he observed me more attentively, he saw a wildness in my eyes for which he could not account, and my loud, unrestrained, heartless laughter frightened and astonished him. “My dear Victor,” cried he, “what, for God’s sake, is the matter? Do not laugh in that manner. How ill you are! What is the cause of all this?” “Do not ask me,” cried I, putting my hands before my eyes, for I thought I saw the dreaded spectre glide into the room; “_he_ can tell. Oh, save me! Save me!” I imagined that the monster seized me; I struggled furiously and fell down in a fit. Poor Clerval! What must have been his feelings? A meeting, which he anticipated with such joy, so strangely turned to bitterness. But I was not the witness of his grief, for I was lifeless and did not recover my senses for a long, long time. This was the commencement of a nervous fever which confined me for several months. During all that time Henry was my only nurse. I afterwards learned that, knowing my father’s advanced age and unfitness for so long a journey, and how wretched my sickness would make Elizabeth, he spared them this grief by concealing the extent of my disorder. He knew that I could not have a more kind and attentive nurse than himself; and, firm in the hope he felt of my recovery, he did not doubt that, instead of doing harm, he performed the kindest action that he could towards them. But I was in reality very ill, and surely nothing but the unbounded and unremitting attentions of my friend could have restored me to life. The form of the monster on whom I had bestowed existence was for ever before my eyes, and I raved incessantly concerning him. Doubtless my words surprised Henry; he at first believed them to be the wanderings of my disturbed imagination, but the pertinacity with which I continually recurred to the same subject persuaded him that my disorder indeed owed its origin to some uncommon and terrible event. By very slow degrees, and with frequent relapses that alarmed and grieved my friend, I recovered. I remember the first time I became capable of observing outward objects with any kind of pleasure, I perceived that the fallen leaves had disappeared and that the young buds were shooting forth from the trees that shaded my window. It was a divine spring, and the season contributed greatly to my convalescence. I felt also sentiments of joy and affection revive in my bosom; my gloom disappeared, and in a short time I became as cheerful as before I was attacked by the fatal passion. “Dearest Clerval,” exclaimed I, “how kind, how very good you are to me. This whole winter, instead of being spent in study, as you promised yourself, has been consumed in my sick room. How shall I ever repay you? I feel the greatest remorse for the disappointment of which I have been the occasion, but you will forgive me.” “You will repay me entirely if you do not discompose yourself, but get well as fast as you can; and since you appear in such good spirits, I may speak to you on one subject, may I not?” I trembled. One subject! What could it be? Could he allude to an object on whom I dared not even think? “Compose yourself,” said Clerval, who observed my change of colour, “I will not mention it if it agitates you; but your father and cousin would be very happy if they received a letter from you in your own handwriting. They hardly know how ill you have been and are uneasy at your long silence.” “Is that all, my dear Henry? How could you suppose that my first thought would not fly towards those dear, dear friends whom I love and who are so deserving of my love?” “If this is your present temper, my friend, you will perhaps be glad to see a letter that has been lying here some days for you; it is from your cousin, I believe.” Chapter 6 Clerval then put the following letter into my hands. It was from my own Elizabeth: “My dearest Cousin, “You have been ill, very ill, and even the constant letters of dear kind Henry are not sufficient to reassure me on your account. You are forbidden to write—to hold a pen; yet one word from you, dear Victor, is necessary to calm our apprehensions. For a long time I have thought that each post would bring this line, and my persuasions have restrained my uncle from undertaking a journey to Ingolstadt. I have prevented his encountering the inconveniences and perhaps dangers of so long a journey, yet how often have I regretted not being able to perform it myself! I figure to myself that the task of attending on your sickbed has devolved on some mercenary old nurse, who could never guess your wishes nor minister to them with the care and affection of your poor cousin. Yet that is over now: Clerval writes that indeed you are getting better. I eagerly hope that you will confirm this intelligence soon in your own handwriting. “Get well—and return to us. You will find a happy, cheerful home and friends who love you dearly. Your father’s health is vigorous, and he asks but to see you, but to be assured that you are well; and not a care will ever cloud his benevolent countenance. How pleased you would be to remark the improvement of our Ernest! He is now sixteen and full of activity and spirit. He is desirous to be a true Swiss and to enter into foreign service, but we cannot part with him, at least until his elder brother returns to us. My uncle is not pleased with the idea of a military career in a distant country, but Ernest never had your powers of application. He looks upon study as an odious fetter; his time is spent in the open air, climbing the hills or rowing on the lake. I fear that he will become an idler unless we yield the point and permit him to enter on the profession which he has selected. “Little alteration, except the growth of our dear children, has taken place since you left us. The blue lake and snow-clad mountains—they never change; and I think our placid home and our contented hearts are regulated by the same immutable laws. My trifling occupations take up my time and amuse me, and I am rewarded for any exertions by seeing none but happy, kind faces around me. Since you left us, but one change has taken place in our little household. Do you remember on what occasion Justine Moritz entered our family? Probably you do not; I will relate her history, therefore in a few words. Madame Moritz, her mother, was a widow with four children, of whom Justine was the third. This girl had always been the favourite of her father, but through a strange perversity, her mother could not endure her, and after the death of M. Moritz, treated her very ill. My aunt observed this, and when Justine was twelve years of age, prevailed on her mother to allow her to live at our house. The republican institutions of our country have produced simpler and happier manners than those which prevail in the great monarchies that surround it. Hence there is less distinction between the several classes of its inhabitants; and the lower orders, being neither so poor nor so despised, their manners are more refined and moral. A servant in Geneva does not mean the same thing as a servant in France and England. Justine, thus received in our family, learned the duties of a servant, a condition which, in our fortunate country, does not include the idea of ignorance and a sacrifice of the dignity of a human being. “Justine, you may remember, was a great favourite of yours; and I recollect you once remarked that if you were in an ill humour, one glance from Justine could dissipate it, for the same reason that Ariosto gives concerning the beauty of Angelica—she looked so frank-hearted and happy. My aunt conceived a great attachment for her, by which she was induced to give her an education superior to that which she had at first intended. This benefit was fully repaid; Justine was the most grateful little creature in the world: I do not mean that she made any professions I never heard one pass her lips, but you could see by her eyes that she almost adored her protectress. Although her disposition was gay and in many respects inconsiderate, yet she paid the greatest attention to every gesture of my aunt. She thought her the model of all excellence and endeavoured to imitate her phraseology and manners, so that even now she often reminds me of her. “When my dearest aunt died every one was too much occupied in their own grief to notice poor Justine, who had attended her during her illness with the most anxious affection. Poor Justine was very ill; but other trials were reserved for her. “One by one, her brothers and sister died; and her mother, with the exception of her neglected daughter, was left childless. The conscience of the woman was troubled; she began to think that the deaths of her favourites was a judgement from heaven to chastise her partiality. She was a Roman Catholic; and I believe her confessor confirmed the idea which she had conceived. Accordingly, a few months after your departure for Ingolstadt, Justine was called home by her repentant mother. Poor girl! She wept when she quitted our house; she was much altered since the death of my aunt; grief had given softness and a winning mildness to her manners, which had before been remarkable for vivacity. Nor was her residence at her mother’s house of a nature to restore her gaiety. The poor woman was very vacillating in her repentance. She sometimes begged Justine to forgive her unkindness, but much oftener accused her of having caused the deaths of her brothers and sister. Perpetual fretting at length threw Madame Moritz into a decline, which at first increased her irritability, but she is now at peace for ever. She died on the first approach of cold weather, at the beginning of this last winter. Justine has just returned to us; and I assure you I love her tenderly. She is very clever and gentle, and extremely pretty; as I mentioned before, her mien and her expression continually remind me of my dear aunt. “I must say also a few words to you, my dear cousin, of little darling William. I wish you could see him; he is very tall of his age, with sweet laughing blue eyes, dark eyelashes, and curling hair. When he smiles, two little dimples appear on each cheek, which are rosy with health. He has already had one or two little _wives,_ but Louisa Biron is his favourite, a pretty little girl of five years of age. “Now, dear Victor, I dare say you wish to be indulged in a little gossip concerning the good people of Geneva. The pretty Miss Mansfield has already received the congratulatory visits on her approaching marriage with a young Englishman, John Melbourne, Esq. Her ugly sister, Manon, married M. Duvillard, the rich banker, last autumn. Your favourite schoolfellow, Louis Manoir, has suffered several misfortunes since the departure of Clerval from Geneva. But he has already recovered his spirits, and is reported to be on the point of marrying a lively pretty Frenchwoman, Madame Tavernier. She is a widow, and much older than Manoir; but she is very much admired, and a favourite with everybody. “I have written myself into better spirits, dear cousin; but my anxiety returns upon me as I conclude. Write, dearest Victor,—one line—one word will be a blessing to us. Ten thousand thanks to Henry for his kindness, his affection, and his many letters; we are sincerely grateful. Adieu! my cousin; take care of yourself; and, I entreat you, write! “Elizabeth Lavenza. “Geneva, March 18th, 17—.” “Dear, dear Elizabeth!” I exclaimed, when I had read her letter: “I will write instantly and relieve them from the anxiety they must feel.” I wrote, and this exertion greatly fatigued me; but my convalescence had commenced, and proceeded regularly. In another fortnight I was able to leave my chamber. One of my first duties on my recovery was to introduce Clerval to the several professors of the university. In doing this, I underwent a kind of rough usage, ill befitting the wounds that my mind had sustained. Ever since the fatal night, the end of my labours, and the beginning of my misfortunes, I had conceived a violent antipathy even to the name of natural philosophy. When I was otherwise quite restored to health, the sight of a chemical instrument would renew all the agony of my nervous symptoms. Henry saw this, and had removed all my apparatus from my view. He had also changed my apartment; for he perceived that I had acquired a dislike for the room which had previously been my laboratory. But these cares of Clerval were made of no avail when I visited the professors. M. Waldman inflicted torture when he praised, with kindness and warmth, the astonishing progress I had made in the sciences. He soon perceived that I disliked the subject; but not guessing the real cause, he attributed my feelings to modesty, and changed the subject from my improvement, to the science itself, with a desire, as I evidently saw, of drawing me out. What could I do? He meant to please, and he tormented me. I felt as if he had placed carefully, one by one, in my view those instruments which were to be afterwards used in putting me to a slow and cruel death. I writhed under his words, yet dared not exhibit the pain I felt. Clerval, whose eyes and feelings were always quick in discerning the sensations of others, declined the subject, alleging, in excuse, his total ignorance; and the conversation took a more general turn. I thanked my friend from my heart, but I did not speak. I saw plainly that he was surprised, but he never attempted to draw my secret from me; and although I loved him with a mixture of affection and reverence that knew no bounds, yet I could never persuade myself to confide in him that event which was so often present to my recollection, but which I feared the detail to another would only impress more deeply. M. Krempe was not equally docile; and in my condition at that time, of almost insupportable sensitiveness, his harsh blunt encomiums gave me even more pain than the benevolent approbation of M. Waldman. “D—n the fellow!” cried he; “why, M. Clerval, I assure you he has outstript us all. Ay, stare if you please; but it is nevertheless true. A youngster who, but a few years ago, believed in Cornelius Agrippa as firmly as in the gospel, has now set himself at the head of the university; and if he is not soon pulled down, we shall all be out of countenance.—Ay, ay,” continued he, observing my face expressive of suffering, “M. Frankenstein is modest; an excellent quality in a young man. Young men should be diffident of themselves, you know, M. Clerval: I was myself when young; but that wears out in a very short time.” M. Krempe had now commenced an eulogy on himself, which happily turned the conversation from a subject that was so annoying to me. Clerval had never sympathised in my tastes for natural science; and his literary pursuits differed wholly from those which had occupied me. He came to the university with the design of making himself complete master of the oriental languages, and thus he should open a field for the plan of life he had marked out for himself. Resolved to pursue no inglorious career, he turned his eyes toward the East, as affording scope for his spirit of enterprise. The Persian, Arabic, and Sanskrit languages engaged his attention, and I was easily induced to enter on the same studies. Idleness had ever been irksome to me, and now that I wished to fly from reflection, and hated my former studies, I felt great relief in being the fellow-pupil with my friend, and found not only instruction but consolation in the works of the orientalists. I did not, like him, attempt a critical knowledge of their dialects, for I did not contemplate making any other use of them than temporary amusement. I read merely to understand their meaning, and they well repaid my labours. Their melancholy is soothing, and their joy elevating, to a degree I never experienced in studying the authors of any other country. When you read their writings, life appears to consist in a warm sun and a garden of roses,—in the smiles and frowns of a fair enemy, and the fire that consumes your own heart. How different from the manly and heroical poetry of Greece and Rome! Summer passed away in these occupations, and my return to Geneva was fixed for the latter end of autumn; but being delayed by several accidents, winter and snow arrived, the roads were deemed impassable, and my journey was retarded until the ensuing spring. I felt this delay very bitterly; for I longed to see my native town and my beloved friends. My return had only been delayed so long, from an unwillingness to leave Clerval in a strange place, before he had become acquainted with any of its inhabitants. The winter, however, was spent cheerfully; and although the spring was uncommonly late, when it came its beauty compensated for its dilatoriness. The month of May had already commenced, and I expected the letter daily which was to fix the date of my departure, when Henry proposed a pedestrian tour in the environs of Ingolstadt, that I might bid a personal farewell to the country I had so long inhabited. I acceded with pleasure to this proposition: I was fond of exercise, and Clerval had always been my favourite companion in the ramble of this nature that I had taken among the scenes of my native country. We passed a fortnight in these perambulations: my health and spirits had long been restored, and they gained additional strength from the salubrious air I breathed, the natural incidents of our progress, and the conversation of my friend. Study had before secluded me from the intercourse of my fellow-creatures, and rendered me unsocial; but Clerval called forth the better feelings of my heart; he again taught me to love the aspect of nature, and the cheerful faces of children. Excellent friend! how sincerely you did love me, and endeavour to elevate my mind until it was on a level with your own. A selfish pursuit had cramped and narrowed me, until your gentleness and affection warmed and opened my senses; I became the same happy creature who, a few years ago, loved and beloved by all, had no sorrow or care. When happy, inanimate nature had the power of bestowing on me the most delightful sensations. A serene sky and verdant fields filled me with ecstasy. The present season was indeed divine; the flowers of spring bloomed in the hedges, while those of summer were already in bud. I was undisturbed by thoughts which during the preceding year had pressed upon me, notwithstanding my endeavours to throw them off, with an invincible burden. Henry rejoiced in my gaiety, and sincerely sympathised in my feelings: he exerted himself to amuse me, while he expressed the sensations that filled his soul. The resources of his mind on this occasion were truly astonishing: his conversation was full of imagination; and very often, in imitation of the Persian and Arabic writers, he invented tales of wonderful fancy and passion. At other times he repeated my favourite poems, or drew me out into arguments, which he supported with great ingenuity. We returned to our college on a Sunday afternoon: the peasants were dancing, and every one we met appeared gay and happy. My own spirits were high, and I bounded along with feelings of unbridled joy and hilarity. Chapter 7 On my return, I found the following letter from my father:— “My dear Victor, “You have probably waited impatiently for a letter to fix the date of your return to us; and I was at first tempted to write only a few lines, merely mentioning the day on which I should expect you. But that would be a cruel kindness, and I dare not do it. What would be your surprise, my son, when you expected a happy and glad welcome, to behold, on the contrary, tears and wretchedness? And how, Victor, can I relate our misfortune? Absence cannot have rendered you callous to our joys and griefs; and how shall I inflict pain on my long absent son? I wish to prepare you for the woeful news, but I know it is
# sent_id = 0
1	﻿Frankenstein;	_	_	_	_	0	_	_	start_char=0|end_char=14
2	or,	_	_	_	_	1	_	_	start_char=15|end_char=18
3	the	_	_	_	_	2	_	_	start_char=19|end_char=22
4	Modern	_	_	_	_	3	_	_	start_char=23|end_char=29
5	Prometheus	_	_	_	_	4	_	_	start_char=30|end_char=40
6	by	_	_	_	_	5	_	_	start_char=41|end_char=43
7	Mary	_	_	_	_	6	_	_	start_char=44|end_char=48
8	Wollstonecraft	_	_	_	_	7	_	_	start_char=49|end_char=63
9	(Godwin)	_	_	_	_	8	_	_	start_char=64|end_char=72
10	Shelley	_	_	_	_	9	_	_	start_char=73|end_char=80
11	CONTENTS	_	_	_	_	10	_	_	start_char=81|end_char=89
12	Letter	_	_	_	_	11	_	_	start_char=90|end_char=96
13	1	_	_	_	_	12	_	_	start_char=97|end_char=98
14	Letter	_	_	_	_	13	_	_	start_char=99|end_char=105
15	2	_	_	_	_	14	_	_	start_char=106|end_char=107
16	Letter	_	_	_	_	15	_	_	start_char=108|end_char=114
17	3	_	_	_	_	16	_	_	start_char=115|end_char=116
18	Letter	_	_	_	_	17	_	_	start_char=117|end_char=123
19	4	_	_	_	_	18	_	_	start_char=124|end_char=125
20	Chapter	_	_	_	_	19	_	_	start_char=126|end_char=133
21	1	_	_	_	_	20	_	_	start_char=134|end_char=135
22	Chapter	_	_	_	_	21	_	_	start_char=136|end_char=143
23	2	_	_	_	_	22	_	_	start_char=144|end_char=145
24	Chapter	_	_	_	_	23	_	_	start_char=146|end_char=153
25	3	_	_	_	_	24	_	_	start_char=154|end_char=155
26	Chapter	_	_	_	_	25	_	_	start_char=156|end_char=163
27	4	_	_	_	_	26	_	_	start_char=164|end_char=165
28	Chapter	_	_	_	_	27	_	_	start_char=166|end_char=173
29	5	_	_	_	_	28	_	_	start_char=174|end_char=175
30	Chapter	_	_	_	_	29	_	_	start_char=176|end_char=183
31	6	_	_	_	_	30	_	_	start_char=184|end_char=185
32	Chapter	_	_	_	_	31	_	_	start_char=186|end_char=193
33	7	_	_	_	_	32	_	_	start_char=194|end_char=195
34	Chapter	_	_	_	_	33	_	_	start_char=196|end_char=203
35	8	_	_	_	_	34	_	_	start_char=204|end_char=205
36	Chapter	_	_	_	_	35	_	_	start_char=206|end_char=213
37	9	_	_	_	_	36	_	_	start_char=214|end_char=215
38	Chapter	_	_	_	_	37	_	_	start_char=216|end_char=223
39	10	_	_	_	_	38	_	_	start_char=224|end_char=226
40	Chapter	_	_	_	_	39	_	_	start_char=227|end_char=234
41	11	_	_	_	_	40	_	_	start_char=235|end_char=237
42	Chapter	_	_	_	_	41	_	_	start_char=238|end_char=245
43	12	_	_	_	_	42	_	_	start_char=246|end_char=248
44	Chapter	_	_	_	_	43	_	_	start_char=249|end_char=256
45	13	_	_	_	_	44	_	_	start_char=257|end_char=259
46	Chapter	_	_	_	_	45	_	_	start_char=260|end_char=267
47	14	_	_	_	_	46	_	_	start_char=268|end_char=270
48	Chapter	_	_	_	_	47	_	_	start_char=271|end_char=278
49	15	_	_	_	_	48	_	_	start_char=279|end_char=281
50	Chapter	_	_	_	_	49	_	_	start_char=282|end_char=289
51	16	_	_	_	_	50	_	_	start_char=290|end_char=292
52	Chapter	_	_	_	_	51	_	_	start_char=293|end_char=300
53	17	_	_	_	_	52	_	_	start_char=301|end_char=303
54	Chapter	_	_	_	_	53	_	_	start_char=304|end_char=311
55	18	_	_	_	_	54	_	_	start_char=312|end_char=314
56	Chapter	_	_	_	_	55	_	_	start_char=315|end_char=322
57	19	_	_	_	_	56	_	_	start_char=323|end_char=325
58	Chapter	_	_	_	_	57	_	_	start_char=326|end_char=333
59	20	_	_	_	_	58	_	_	start_char=334|end_char=336
60	Chapter	_	_	_	_	59	_	_	start_char=337|end_char=344
61	21	_	_	_	_	60	_	_	start_char=345|end_char=347
62	Chapter	_	_	_	_	61	_	_	start_char=348|end_char=355
63	22	_	_	_	_	62	_	_	start_char=356|end_char=358
64	Chapter	_	_	_	_	63	_	_	start_char=359|end_char=366
65	23	_	_	_	_	64	_	_	start_char=367|end_char=369
66	Chapter	_	_	_	_	65	_	_	start_char=370|end_char=377
67	24	_	_	_	_	66	_	_	start_char=378|end_char=380
68	Letter	_	_	_	_	67	_	_	start_char=381|end_char=387
69	1	_	_	_	_	68	_	_	start_char=388|end_char=389
70	_To	_	_	_	_	69	_	_	start_char=390|end_char=393
71	Mrs.	_	_	_	_	70	_	_	start_char=394|end_char=398
72	Saville,	_	_	_	_	71	_	_	start_char=399|end_char=407
73	England._	_	_	_	_	72	_	_	start_char=408|end_char=417
74	St.	_	_	_	_	73	_	_	start_char=418|end_char=421
75	Petersburgh,	_	_	_	_	74	_	_	start_char=422|end_char=434
76	Dec.	_	_	_	_	75	_	_	start_char=435|end_char=439
77	11th,	_	_	_	_	76	_	_	start_char=440|end_char=445
78	17—.	_	_	_	_	77	_	_	start_char=446|end_char=450
79	You	_	_	_	_	78	_	_	start_char=451|end_char=454
80	will	_	_	_	_	79	_	_	start_char=455|end_char=459
81	rejoice	_	_	_	_	80	_	_	start_char=460|end_char=467
82	to	_	_	_	_	81	_	_	start_char=468|end_char=470
83	hear	_	_	_	_	82	_	_	start_char=471|end_char=475
84	that	_	_	_	_	83	_	_	start_char=476|end_char=480
85	no	_	_	_	_	84	_	_	start_char=481|end_char=483
86	disaster	_	_	_	_	85	_	_	start_char=484|end_char=492
87	has	_	_	_	_	86	_	_	start_char=493|end_char=496
88	accompanied	_	_	_	_	87	_	_	start_char=497|end_char=508
89	the	_	_	_	_	88	_	_	start_char=509|end_char=512
90	commencement	_	_	_	_	89	_	_	start_char=513|end_char=525
91	of	_	_	_	_	90	_	_	start_char=526|end_char=528
92	an	_	_	_	_	91	_	_	start_char=529|end_char=531
93	enterprise	_	_	_	_	92	_	_	start_char=532|end_char=542
94	which	_	_	_	_	93	_	_	start_char=543|end_char=548
95	you	_	_	_	_	94	_	_	start_char=549|end_char=552
96	have	_	_	_	_	95	_	_	start_char=553|end_char=557
97	regarded	_	_	_	_	96	_	_	start_char=558|end_char=566
98	with	_	_	_	_	97	_	_	start_char=567|end_char=571
99	such	_	_	_	_	98	_	_	start_char=572|end_char=576
100	evil	_	_	_	_	99	_	_	start_char=577|end_char=581
101	forebodings.	_	_	_	_	100	_	_	start_char=582|end_char=594
102	I	_	_	_	_	101	_	_	start_char=595|end_char=596
103	arrived	_	_	_	_	102	_	_	start_char=597|end_char=604
104	here	_	_	_	_	103	_	_	start_char=605|end_char=609
105	yesterday,	_	_	_	_	104	_	_	start_char=610|end_char=620
106	and	_	_	_	_	105	_	_	start_char=621|end_char=624
107	my	_	_	_	_	106	_	_	start_char=625|end_char=627
108	first	_	_	_	_	107	_	_	start_char=628|end_char=633
109	task	_	_	_	_	108	_	_	start_char=634|end_char=638
110	is	_	_	_	_	109	_	_	start_char=639|end_char=641
111	to	_	_	_	_	110	_	_	start_char=642|end_char=644
112	assure	_	_	_	_	111	_	_	start_char=645|end_char=651
113	my	_	_	_	_	112	_	_	start_char=652|end_char=654
114	dear	_	_	_	_	113	_	_	start_char=655|end_char=659
115	sister	_	_	_	_	114	_	_	start_char=660|end_char=666
116	of	_	_	_	_	115	_	_	start_char=667|end_char=669
117	my	_	_	_	_	116	_	_	start_char=670|end_char=672
118	welfare	_	_	_	_	117	_	_	start_char=673|end_char=680
119	and	_	_	_	_	118	_	_	start_char=681|end_char=684
120	increasing	_	_	_	_	119	_	_	start_char=685|end_char=695
121	confidence	_	_	_	_	120	_	_	start_char=696|end_char=706
122	in	_	_	_	_	121	_	_	start_char=707|end_char=709
123	the	_	_	_	_	122	_	_	start_char=710|end_char=713
124	success	_	_	_	_	123	_	_	start_char=714|end_char=721
125	of	_	_	_	_	124	_	_	start_char=722|end_char=724
126	my	_	_	_	_	125	_	_	start_char=725|end_char=727
127	undertaking.	_	_	_	_	126	_	_	start_char=728|end_char=740
128	I	_	_	_	_	127	_	_	start_char=741|end_char=742
129	am	_	_	_	_	128	_	_	start_char=743|end_char=745
130	already	_	_	_	_	129	_	_	start_char=746|end_char=753
131	far	_	_	_	_	130	_	_	start_char=754|end_char=757
132	north	_	_	_	_	131	_	_	start_char=758|end_char=763
133	of	_	_	_	_	132	_	_	start_char=764|end_char=766
134	London,	_	_	_	_	133	_	_	start_char=767|end_char=774
135	and	_	_	_	_	134	_	_	start_char=775|end_char=778
136	as	_	_	_	_	135	_	_	start_char=779|end_char=781
137	I	_	_	_	_	136	_	_	start_char=782|end_char=783
138	walk	_	_	_	_	137	_	_	start_char=784|end_char=788
139	in	_	_	_	_	138	_	_	start_char=789|end_char=791
140	the	_	_	_	_	139	_	_	start_char=792|end_char=795
141	streets	_	_	_	_	140	_	_	start_char=796|end_char=803
142	of	_	_	_	_	141	_	_	start_char=804|end_char=806
143	Petersburgh,	_	_	_	_	142	_	_	start_char=807|end_char=819
144	I	_	_	_	_	143	_	_	start_char=820|end_char=821
145	feel	_	_	_	_	144	_	_	start_char=822|end_char=826
146	a	_	_	_	_	145	_	_	start_char=827|end_char=828
147	cold	_	_	_	_	146	_	_	start_char=829|end_char=833
148	northern	_	_	_	_	147	_	_	start_char=834|end_char=842
149	breeze	_	_	_	_	148	_	_	start_char=843|end_char=849
150	play	_	_	_	_	149	_	_	start_char=850|end_char=854
151	upon	_	_	_	_	150	_	_	start_char=855|end_char=859
152	my	_	_	_	_	151	_	_	start_char=860|end_char=862
153	cheeks,	_	_	_	_	152	_	_	start_char=863|end_char=870
154	which	_	_	_	_	153	_	_	start_char=871|end_char=876
155	braces	_	_	_	_	154	_	_	start_char=877|end_char=883
156	my	_	_	_	_	155	_	_	start_char=884|end_char=886
157	nerves	_	_	_	_	156	_	_	start_char=887|end_char=893
158	and	_	_	_	_	157	_	_	start_char=894|end_char=897
159	fills	_	_	_	_	158	_	_	start_char=898|end_char=903
160	me	_	_	_	_	159	_	_	start_char=904|end_char=906
161	with	_	_	_	_	160	_	_	start_char=907|end_char=911
162	delight.	_	_	_	_	161	_	_	start_char=912|end_char=920
163	Do	_	_	_	_	162	_	_	start_char=921|end_char=923
164	you	_	_	_	_	163	_	_	start_char=924|end_char=927
165	understand	_	_	_	_	164	_	_	start_char=928|end_char=938
166	this	_	_	_	_	165	_	_	start_char=939|end_char=943
167	feeling?	_	_	_	_	166	_	_	start_char=944|end_char=952
168	This	_	_	_	_	167	_	_	start_char=953|end_char=957
169	breeze,	_	_	_	_	168	_	_	start_char=958|end_char=965
170	which	_	_	_	_	169	_	_	start_char=966|end_char=971
171	has	_	_	_	_	170	_	_	start_char=972|end_char=975
172	travelled	_	_	_	_	171	_	_	start_char=976|end_char=985
173	from	_	_	_	_	172	_	_	start_char=986|end_char=990
174	the	_	_	_	_	173	_	_	start_char=991|end_char=994
175	regions	_	_	_	_	174	_	_	start_char=995|end_char=1002
176	towards	_	_	_	_	175	_	_	start_char=1003|end_char=1010
177	which	_	_	_	_	176	_	_	start_char=1011|end_char=1016
178	I	_	_	_	_	177	_	_	start_char=1017|end_char=1018
179	am	_	_	_	_	178	_	_	start_char=1019|end_char=1021
180	advancing,	_	_	_	_	179	_	_	start_char=1022|end_char=1032
181	gives	_	_	_	_	180	_	_	start_char=1033|end_char=1038
182	me	_	_	_	_	181	_	_	start_char=1039|end_char=1041
183	a	_	_	_	_	182	_	_	start_char=1042|end_char=1043
184	foretaste	_	_	_	_	183	_	_	start_char=1044|end_char=1053
185	of	_	_	_	_	184	_	_	start_char=1054|end_char=1056
186	those	_	_	_	_	185	_	_	start_char=1057|end_char=1062
187	icy	_	_	_	_	186	_	_	start_char=1063|end_char=1066
188	climes.	_	_	_	_	187	_	_	start_char=1067|end_char=1074
189	Inspirited	_	_	_	_	188	_	_	start_char=1075|end_char=1085
190	by	_	_	_	_	189	_	_	start_char=1086|end_char=1088
191	this	_	_	_	_	190	_	_	start_char=1089|end_char=1093
192	wind	_	_	_	_	191	_	_	start_char=1094|end_char=1098
193	of	_	_	_	_	192	_	_	start_char=1099|end_char=1101
194	promise,	_	_	_	_	193	_	_	start_char=1102|end_char=1110
195	my	_	_	_	_	194	_	_	start_char=1111|end_char=1113
196	daydreams	_	_	_	_	195	_	_	start_char=1114|end_char=1123
197	become	_	_	_	_	196	_	_	start_char=1124|end_char=1130
198	more	_	_	_	_	197	_	_	start_char=1131|end_char=1135
199	fervent	_	_	_	_	198	_	_	start_char=1136|end_char=1143
200	and	_	_	_	_	199	_	_	start_char=1144|end_char=1147
201	vivid.	_	_	_	_	200	_	_	start_char=1148|end_char=1154
202	I	_	_	_	_	201	_	_	start_char=1155|end_char=1156
203	try	_	_	_	_	202	_	_	start_char=1157|end_char=1160
204	in	_	_	_	_	203	_	_	start_char=1161|end_char=1163
205	vain	_	_	_	_	204	_	_	start_char=1164|end_char=1168
206	to	_	_	_	_	205	_	_	start_char=1169|end_char=1171
207	be	_	_	_	_	206	_	_	start_char=1172|end_char=1174
208	persuaded	_	_	_	_	207	_	_	start_char=1175|end_char=1184
209	that	_	_	_	_	208	_	_	start_char=1185|end_char=1189
210	the	_	_	_	_	209	_	_	start_char=1190|end_char=1193
211	pole	_	_	_	_	210	_	_	start_char=1194|end_char=1198
212	is	_	_	_	_	211	_	_	start_char=1199|end_char=1201
213	the	_	_	_	_	212	_	_	start_char=1202|end_char=1205
214	seat	_	_	_	_	213	_	_	start_char=1206|end_char=1210
215	of	_	_	_	_	214	_	_	start_char=1211|end_char=1213
216	frost	_	_	_	_	215	_	_	start_char=1214|end_char=1219
217	and	_	_	_	_	216	_	_	start_char=1220|end_char=1223
218	desolation;	_	_	_	_	217	_	_	start_char=1224|end_char=1235
219	it	_	_	_	_	218	_	_	start_char=1236|end_char=1238
220	ever	_	_	_	_	219	_	_	start_char=1239|end_char=1243
221	presents	_	_	_	_	220	_	_	start_char=1244|end_char=1252
222	itself	_	_	_	_	221	_	_	start_char=1253|end_char=1259
223	to	_	_	_	_	222	_	_	start_char=1260|end_char=1262
224	my	_	_	_	_	223	_	_	start_char=1263|end_char=1265
225	imagination	_	_	_	_	224	_	_	start_char=1266|end_char=1277
226	as	_	_	_	_	225	_	_	start_char=1278|end_char=1280
227	the	_	_	_	_	226	_	_	start_char=1281|end_char=1284
228	region	_	_	_	_	227	_	_	start_char=1285|end_char=1291
229	of	_	_	_	_	228	_	_	start_char=1292|end_char=1294
230	beauty	_	_	_	_	229	_	_	start_char=1295|end_char=1301
231	and	_	_	_	_	230	_	_	start_char=1302|end_char=1305
232	delight.	_	_	_	_	231	_	_	start_char=1306|end_char=1314
233	There,	_	_	_	_	232	_	_	start_char=1315|end_char=1321
234	Margaret,	_	_	_	_	233	_	_	start_char=1322|end_char=1331
235	the	_	_	_	_	234	_	_	start_char=1332|end_char=1335
236	sun	_	_	_	_	235	_	_	start_char=1336|end_char=1339
237	is	_	_	_	_	236	_	_	start_char=1340|end_char=1342
238	for	_	_	_	_	237	_	_	start_char=1343|end_char=1346
239	ever	_	_	_	_	238	_	_	start_char=1347|end_char=1351
240	visible,	_	_	_	_	239	_	_	start_char=1352|end_char=1360
241	its	_	_	_	_	240	_	_	start_char=1361|end_char=1364
242	broad	_	_	_	_	241	_	_	start_char=1365|end_char=1370
243	disk	_	_	_	_	242	_	_	start_char=1371|end_char=1375
244	just	_	_	_	_	243	_	_	start_char=1376|end_char=1380
245	skirting	_	_	_	_	244	_	_	start_char=1381|end_char=1389
246	the	_	_	_	_	245	_	_	start_char=1390|end_char=1393
247	horizon	_	_	_	_	246	_	_	start_char=1394|end_char=1401
248	and	_	_	_	_	247	_	_	start_char=1402|end_char=1405
249	diffusing	_	_	_	_	248	_	_	start_char=1406|end_char=1415
250	a	_	_	_	_	249	_	_	start_char=1416|end_char=1417
251	perpetual	_	_	_	_	250	_	_	start_char=1418|end_char=1427
252	splendour.	_	_	_	_	251	_	_	start_char=1428|end_char=1438
253	There—for	_	_	_	_	252	_	_	start_char=1439|end_char=1448
254	with	_	_	_	_	253	_	_	start_char=1449|end_char=1453
255	your	_	_	_	_	254	_	_	start_char=1454|end_char=1458
256	leave,	_	_	_	_	255	_	_	start_char=1459|end_char=1465
257	my	_	_	_	_	256	_	_	start_char=1466|end_char=1468
258	sister,	_	_	_	_	257	_	_	start_char=1469|end_char=1476
259	I	_	_	_	_	258	_	_	start_char=1477|end_char=1478
260	will	_	_	_	_	259	_	_	start_char=1479|end_char=1483
261	put	_	_	_	_	260	_	_	start_char=1484|end_char=1487
262	some	_	_	_	_	261	_	_	start_char=1488|end_char=1492
263	trust	_	_	_	_	262	_	_	start_char=1493|end_char=1498
264	in	_	_	_	_	263	_	_	start_char=1499|end_char=1501
265	preceding	_	_	_	_	264	_	_	start_char=1502|end_char=1511
266	navigators—there	_	_	_	_	265	_	_	start_char=1512|end_char=1528
267	snow	_	_	_	_	266	_	_	start_char=1529|end_char=1533
268	and	_	_	_	_	267	_	_	start_char=1534|end_char=1537
269	frost	_	_	_	_	268	_	_	start_char=1538|end_char=1543
270	are	_	_	_	_	269	_	_	start_char=1544|end_char=1547
271	banished;	_	_	_	_	270	_	_	start_char=1548|end_char=1557
272	and,	_	_	_	_	271	_	_	start_char=1558|end_char=1562
273	sailing	_	_	_	_	272	_	_	start_char=1563|end_char=1570
274	over	_	_	_	_	273	_	_	start_char=1571|end_char=1575
275	a	_	_	_	_	274	_	_	start_char=1576|end_char=1577
276	calm	_	_	_	_	275	_	_	start_char=1578|end_char=1582
277	sea,	_	_	_	_	276	_	_	start_char=1583|end_char=1587
278	we	_	_	_	_	277	_	_	start_char=1588|end_char=1590
279	may	_	_	_	_	278	_	_	start_char=1591|end_char=1594
280	be	_	_	_	_	279	_	_	start_char=1595|end_char=1597
281	wafted	_	_	_	_	280	_	_	start_char=1598|end_char=1604
282	to	_	_	_	_	281	_	_	start_char=1605|end_char=1607
283	a	_	_	_	_	282	_	_	start_char=1608|end_char=1609
284	land	_	_	_	_	283	_	_	start_char=1610|end_char=1614
285	surpassing	_	_	_	_	284	_	_	start_char=1615|end_char=1625
286	in	_	_	_	_	285	_	_	start_char=1626|end_char=1628
287	wonders	_	_	_	_	286	_	_	start_char=1629|end_char=1636
288	and	_	_	_	_	287	_	_	start_char=1637|end_char=1640
289	in	_	_	_	_	288	_	_	start_char=1641|end_char=1643
290	beauty	_	_	_	_	289	_	_	start_char=1644|end_char=1650
291	every	_	_	_	_	290	_	_	start_char=1651|end_char=1656
292	region	_	_	_	_	291	_	_	start_char=1657|end_char=1663
293	hitherto	_	_	_	_	292	_	_	start_char=1664|end_char=1672
294	discovered	_	_	_	_	293	_	_	start_char=1673|end_char=1683
295	on	_	_	_	_	294	_	_	start_char=1684|end_char=1686
296	the	_	_	_	_	295	_	_	start_char=1687|end_char=1690
297	habitable	_	_	_	_	296	_	_	start_char=1691|end_char=1700
298	globe.	_	_	_	_	297	_	_	start_char=1701|end_char=1707
299	Its	_	_	_	_	298	_	_	start_char=1708|end_char=1711
300	productions	_	_	_	_	299	_	_	start_char=1712|end_char=1723
301	and	_	_	_	_	300	_	_	start_char=1724|end_char=1727
302	features	_	_	_	_	301	_	_	start_char=1728|end_char=1736
303	may	_	_	_	_	302	_	_	start_char=1737|end_char=1740
304	be	_	_	_	_	303	_	_	start_char=1741|end_char=1743
305	without	_	_	_	_	304	_	_	start_char=1744|end_char=1751
306	example,	_	_	_	_	305	_	_	start_char=1752|end_char=1760
307	as	_	_	_	_	306	_	_	start_char=1761|end_char=1763
308	the	_	_	_	_	307	_	_	start_char=1764|end_char=1767
309	phenomena	_	_	_	_	308	_	_	start_char=1768|end_char=1777
310	of	_	_	_	_	309	_	_	start_char=1778|end_char=1780
311	the	_	_	_	_	310	_	_	start_char=1781|end_char=1784
312	heavenly	_	_	_	_	311	_	_	start_char=1785|end_char=1793
313	bodies	_	_	_	_	312	_	_	start_char=1794|end_char=1800
314	undoubtedly	_	_	_	_	313	_	_	start_char=1801|end_char=1812
315	are	_	_	_	_	314	_	_	start_char=1813|end_char=1816
316	in	_	_	_	_	315	_	_	start_char=1817|end_char=1819
317	those	_	_	_	_	316	_	_	start_char=1820|end_char=1825
318	undiscovered	_	_	_	_	317	_	_	start_char=1826|end_char=1838
319	solitudes.	_	_	_	_	318	_	_	start_char=1839|end_char=1849
320	What	_	_	_	_	319	_	_	start_char=1850|end_char=1854
321	may	_	_	_	_	320	_	_	start_char=1855|end_char=1858
322	not	_	_	_	_	321	_	_	start_char=1859|end_char=1862
323	be	_	_	_	_	322	_	_	start_char=1863|end_char=1865
324	expected	_	_	_	_	323	_	_	start_char=1866|end_char=1874
325	in	_	_	_	_	324	_	_	start_char=1875|end_char=1877
326	a	_	_	_	_	325	_	_	start_char=1878|end_char=1879
327	country	_	_	_	_	326	_	_	start_char=1880|end_char=1887
328	of	_	_	_	_	327	_	_	start_char=1888|end_char=1890
329	eternal	_	_	_	_	328	_	_	start_char=1891|end_char=1898
330	light?	_	_	_	_	329	_	_	start_char=1899|end_char=1905
331	I	_	_	_	_	330	_	_	start_char=1906|end_char=1907
332	may	_	_	_	_	331	_	_	start_char=1908|end_char=1911
333	there	_	_	_	_	332	_	_	start_char=1912|end_char=1917
334	discover	_	_	_	_	333	_	_	start_char=1918|end_char=1926
335	the	_	_	_	_	334	_	_	start_char=1927|end_char=1930
336	wondrous	_	_	_	_	335	_	_	start_char=1931|end_char=1939
337	power	_	_	_	_	336	_	_	start_char=1940|end_char=1945
338	which	_	_	_	_	337	_	_	start_char=1946|end_char=1951
339	attracts	_	_	_	_	338	_	_	start_char=1952|end_char=1960
340	the	_	_	_	_	339	_	_	start_char=1961|end_char=1964
341	needle	_	_	_	_	340	_	_	start_char=1965|end_char=1971
342	and	_	_	_	_	341	_	_	start_char=1972|end_char=1975
343	may	_	_	_	_	342	_	_	start_char=1976|end_char=1979
344	regulate	_	_	_	_	343	_	_	start_char=1980|end_char=1988
345	a	_	_	_	_	344	_	_	start_char=1989|end_char=1990
346	thousand	_	_	_	_	345	_	_	start_char=1991|end_char=1999
347	celestial	_	_	_	_	346	_	_	start_char=2000|end_char=2009
348	observations	_	_	_	_	347	_	_	start_char=2010|end_char=2022
349	that	_	_	_	_	348	_	_	start_char=2023|end_char=2027
350	require	_	_	_	_	349	_	_	start_char=2028|end_char=2035
351	only	_	_	_	_	350	_	_	start_char=2036|end_char=2040
352	this	_	_	_	_	351	_	_	start_char=2041|end_char=2045
353	voyage	_	_	_	_	352	_	_	start_char=2046|end_char=2052
354	to	_	_	_	_	353	_	_	start_char=2053|end_char=2055
355	render	_	_	_	_	354	_	_	start_char=2056|end_char=2062
356	their	_	_	_	_	355	_	_	start_char=2063|end_char=2068
357	seeming	_	_	_	_	356	_	_	start_char=2069|end_char=2076
358	eccentricities	_	_	_	_	357	_	_	start_char=2077|end_char=2091
359	consistent	_	_	_	_	358	_	_	start_char=2092|end_char=2102
360	for	_	_	_	_	359	_	_	start_char=2103|end_char=2106
361	ever.	_	_	_	_	360	_	_	start_char=2107|end_char=2112
362	I	_	_	_	_	361	_	_	start_char=2113|end_char=2114
363	shall	_	_	_	_	362	_	_	start_char=2115|end_char=2120
364	satiate	_	_	_	_	363	_	_	start_char=2121|end_char=2128
365	my	_	_	_	_	364	_	_	start_char=2129|end_char=2131
366	ardent	_	_	_	_	365	_	_	start_char=2132|end_char=2138
367	curiosity	_	_	_	_	366	_	_	start_char=2139|end_char=2148
368	with	_	_	_	_	367	_	_	start_char=2149|end_char=2153
369	the	_	_	_	_	368	_	_	start_char=2154|end_char=2157
370	sight	_	_	_	_	369	_	_	start_char=2158|end_char=2163
371	of	_	_	_	_	370	_	_	start_char=2164|end_char=2166
372	a	_	_	_	_	371	_	_	start_char=2167|end_char=2168
373	part	_	_	_	_	372	_	_	start_char=2169|end_char=2173
374	of	_	_	_	_	373	_	_	start_char=2174|end_char=2176
375	the	_	_	_	_	374	_	_	start_char=2177|end_char=2180
376	world	_	_	_	_	375	_	_	start_char=2181|end_char=2186
377	never	_	_	_	_	376	_	_	start_char=2187|end_char=2192
378	before	_	_	_	_	377	_	_	start_char=2193|end_char=2199
379	visited,	_	_	_	_	378	_	_	start_char=2200|end_char=2208
380	and	_	_	_	_	379	_	_	start_char=2209|end_char=2212
381	may	_	_	_	_	380	_	_	start_char=2213|end_char=2216
382	tread	_	_	_	_	381	_	_	start_char=2217|end_char=2222
383	a	_	_	_	_	382	_	_	start_char=2223|end_char=2224
384	land	_	_	_	_	383	_	_	start_char=2225|end_char=2229
385	never	_	_	_	_	384	_	_	start_char=2230|end_char=2235
386	before	_	_	_	_	385	_	_	start_char=2236|end_char=2242
387	imprinted	_	_	_	_	386	_	_	start_char=2243|end_char=2252
388	by	_	_	_	_	387	_	_	start_char=2253|end_char=2255
389	the	_	_	_	_	388	_	_	start_char=2256|end_char=2259
390	foot	_	_	_	_	389	_	_	start_char=2260|end_char=2264
391	of	_	_	_	_	390	_	_	start_char=2265|end_char=2267
392	man.	_	_	_	_	391	_	_	start_char=2268|end_char=2272
393	These	_	_	_	_	392	_	_	start_char=2273|end_char=2278
394	are	_	_	_	_	393	_	_	start_char=2279|end_char=2282
395	my	_	_	_	_	394	_	_	start_char=2283|end_char=2285
396	enticements,	_	_	_	_	395	_	_	start_char=2286|end_char=2298
397	and	_	_	_	_	396	_	_	start_char=2299|end_char=2302
398	they	_	_	_	_	397	_	_	start_char=2303|end_char=2307
399	are	_	_	_	_	398	_	_	start_char=2308|end_char=2311
400	sufficient	_	_	_	_	399	_	_	start_char=2312|end_char=2322
401	to	_	_	_	_	400	_	_	start_char=2323|end_char=2325
402	conquer	_	_	_	_	401	_	_	start_char=2326|end_char=2333
403	all	_	_	_	_	402	_	_	start_char=2334|end_char=2337
404	fear	_	_	_	_	403	_	_	start_char=2338|end_char=2342
405	of	_	_	_	_	404	_	_	start_char=2343|end_char=2345
406	danger	_	_	_	_	405	_	_	start_char=2346|end_char=2352
407	or	_	_	_	_	406	_	_	start_char=2353|end_char=2355
408	death	_	_	_	_	407	_	_	start_char=2356|end_char=2361
409	and	_	_	_	_	408	_	_	start_char=2362|end_char=2365
410	to	_	_	_	_	409	_	_	start_char=2366|end_char=2368
411	induce	_	_	_	_	410	_	_	start_char=2369|end_char=2375
412	me	_	_	_	_	411	_	_	start_char=2376|end_char=2378
413	to	_	_	_	_	412	_	_	start_char=2379|end_char=2381
414	commence	_	_	_	_	413	_	_	start_char=2382|end_char=2390
415	this	_	_	_	_	414	_	_	start_char=2391|end_char=2395
416	laborious	_	_	_	_	415	_	_	start_char=2396|end_char=2405
417	voyage	_	_	_	_	416	_	_	start_char=2406|end_char=2412
418	with	_	_	_	_	417	_	_	start_char=2413|end_char=2417
419	the	_	_	_	_	418	_	_	start_char=2418|end_char=2421
420	joy	_	_	_	_	419	_	_	start_char=2422|end_char=2425
421	a	_	_	_	_	420	_	_	start_char=2426|end_char=2427
422	child	_	_	_	_	421	_	_	start_char=2428|end_char=2433
423	feels	_	_	_	_	422	_	_	start_char=2434|end_char=2439
424	when	_	_	_	_	423	_	_	start_char=2440|end_char=2444
425	he	_	_	_	_	424	_	_	start_char=2445|end_char=2447
426	embarks	_	_	_	_	425	_	_	start_char=2448|end_char=2455
427	in	_	_	_	_	426	_	_	start_char=2456|end_char=2458
428	a	_	_	_	_	427	_	_	start_char=2459|end_char=2460
429	little	_	_	_	_	428	_	_	start_char=2461|end_char=2467
430	boat,	_	_	_	_	429	_	_	start_char=2468|end_char=2473
431	with	_	_	_	_	430	_	_	start_char=2474|end_char=2478
432	his	_	_	_	_	431	_	_	start_char=2479|end_char=2482
433	holiday	_	_	_	_	432	_	_	start_char=2483|end_char=2490
434	mates,	_	_	_	_	433	_	_	start_char=2491|end_char=2497
435	on	_	_	_	_	434	_	_	start_char=2498|end_char=2500
436	an	_	_	_	_	435	_	_	start_char=2501|end_char=2503
437	expedition	_	_	_	_	436	_	_	start_char=2504|end_char=2514
438	of	_	_	_	_	437	_	_	start_char=2515|end_char=2517
439	discovery	_	_	_	_	438	_	_	start_char=2518|end_char=2527
440	up	_	_	_	_	439	_	_	start_char=2528|end_char=2530
441	his	_	_	_	_	440	_	_	start_char=2531|end_char=2534
442	native	_	_	_	_	441	_	_	start_char=2535|end_char=2541
443	river.	_	_	_	_	442	_	_	start_char=2542|end_char=2548
444	But	_	_	_	_	443	_	_	start_char=2549|end_char=2552
445	supposing	_	_	_	_	444	_	_	start_char=2553|end_char=2562
446	all	_	_	_	_	445	_	_	start_char=2563|end_char=2566
447	these	_	_	_	_	446	_	_	start_char=2567|end_char=2572
448	conjectures	_	_	_	_	447	_	_	start_char=2573|end_char=2584
449	to	_	_	_	_	448	_	_	start_char=2585|end_char=2587
450	be	_	_	_	_	449	_	_	start_char=2588|end_char=2590
451	false,	_	_	_	_	450	_	_	start_char=2591|end_char=2597
452	you	_	_	_	_	451	_	_	start_char=2598|end_char=2601
453	cannot	_	_	_	_	452	_	_	start_char=2602|end_char=2608
454	contest	_	_	_	_	453	_	_	start_char=2609|end_char=2616
455	the	_	_	_	_	454	_	_	start_char=2617|end_char=2620
456	inestimable	_	_	_	_	455	_	_	start_char=2621|end_char=2632
457	benefit	_	_	_	_	456	_	_	start_char=2633|end_char=2640
458	which	_	_	_	_	457	_	_	start_char=2641|end_char=2646
459	I	_	_	_	_	458	_	_	start_char=2647|end_char=2648
460	shall	_	_	_	_	459	_	_	start_char=2649|end_char=2654
461	confer	_	_	_	_	460	_	_	start_char=2655|end_char=2661
462	on	_	_	_	_	461	_	_	start_char=2662|end_char=2664
463	all	_	_	_	_	462	_	_	start_char=2665|end_char=2668
464	mankind,	_	_	_	_	463	_	_	start_char=2669|end_char=2677
465	to	_	_	_	_	464	_	_	start_char=2678|end_char=2680
466	the	_	_	_	_	465	_	_	start_char=2681|end_char=2684
467	last	_	_	_	_	466	_	_	start_char=2685|end_char=2689
468	generation,	_	_	_	_	467	_	_	start_char=2690|end_char=2701
469	by	_	_	_	_	468	_	_	start_char=2702|end_char=2704
470	discovering	_	_	_	_	469	_	_	start_char=2705|end_char=2716
471	a	_	_	_	_	470	_	_	start_char=2717|end_char=2718
472	passage	_	_	_	_	471	_	_	start_char=2719|end_char=2726
473	near	_	_	_	_	472	_	_	start_char=2727|end_char=2731
474	the	_	_	_	_	473	_	_	start_char=2732|end_char=2735
475	pole	_	_	_	_	474	_	_	start_char=2736|end_char=2740
476	to	_	_	_	_	475	_	_	start_char=2741|end_char=2743
477	those	_	_	_	_	476	_	_	start_char=2744|end_char=2749
478	countries,	_	_	_	_	477	_	_	start_char=2750|end_char=2760
479	to	_	_	_	_	478	_	_	start_char=2761|end_char=2763
480	reach	_	_	_	_	479	_	_	start_char=2764|end_char=2769
481	which	_	_	_	_	480	_	_	start_char=2770|end_char=2775
482	at	_	_	_	_	481	_	_	start_char=2776|end_char=2778
483	present	_	_	_	_	482	_	_	start_char=2779|end_char=2786
484	so	_	_	_	_	483	_	_	start_char=2787|end_char=2789
485	many	_	_	_	_	484	_	_	start_char=2790|end_char=2794
486	months	_	_	_	_	485	_	_	start_char=2795|end_char=2801
487	are	_	_	_	_	486	_	_	start_char=2802|end_char=2805
488	requisite;	_	_	_	_	487	_	_	start_char=2806|end_char=2816
489	or	_	_	_	_	488	_	_	start_char=2817|end_char=2819
490	by	_	_	_	_	489	_	_	start_char=2820|end_char=2822
491	ascertaining	_	_	_	_	490	_	_	start_char=2823|end_char=2835
492	the	_	_	_	_	491	_	_	start_char=2836|end_char=2839
493	secret	_	_	_	_	492	_	_	start_char=2840|end_char=2846
494	of	_	_	_	_	493	_	_	start_char=2847|end_char=2849
495	the	_	_	_	_	494	_	_	start_char=2850|end_char=2853
496	magnet,	_	_	_	_	495	_	_	start_char=2854|end_char=2861
497	which,	_	_	_	_	496	_	_	start_char=2862|end_char=2868
498	if	_	_	_	_	497	_	_	start_char=2869|end_char=2871
499	at	_	_	_	_	498	_	_	start_char=2872|end_char=2874
500	all	_	_	_	_	499	_	_	start_char=2875|end_char=2878
501	possible,	_	_	_	_	500	_	_	start_char=2879|end_char=2888
502	can	_	_	_	_	501	_	_	start_char=2889|end_char=2892
503	only	_	_	_	_	502	_	_	start_char=2893|end_char=2897
504	be	_	_	_	_	503	_	_	start_char=2898|end_char=2900
505	effected	_	_	_	_	504	_	_	start_char=2901|end_char=2909
506	by	_	_	_	_	505	_	_	start_char=2910|end_char=2912
507	an	_	_	_	_	506	_	_	start_char=2913|end_char=2915
508	undertaking	_	_	_	_	507	_	_	start_char=2916|end_char=2927
509	such	_	_	_	_	508	_	_	start_char=2928|end_char=2932
510	as	_	_	_	_	509	_	_	start_char=2933|end_char=2935
511	mine.	_	_	_	_	510	_	_	start_char=2936|end_char=2941
512	These	_	_	_	_	511	_	_	start_char=2942|end_char=2947
513	reflections	_	_	_	_	512	_	_	start_char=2948|end_char=2959
514	have	_	_	_	_	513	_	_	start_char=2960|end_char=2964
515	dispelled	_	_	_	_	514	_	_	start_char=2965|end_char=2974
516	the	_	_	_	_	515	_	_	start_char=2975|end_char=2978
517	agitation	_	_	_	_	516	_	_	start_char=2979|end_char=2988
518	with	_	_	_	_	517	_	_	start_char=2989|end_char=2993
519	which	_	_	_	_	518	_	_	start_char=2994|end_char=2999
520	I	_	_	_	_	519	_	_	start_char=3000|end_char=3001
521	began	_	_	_	_	520	_	_	start_char=3002|end_char=3007
522	my	_	_	_	_	521	_	_	start_char=3008|end_char=3010
523	letter,	_	_	_	_	522	_	_	start_char=3011|end_char=3018
524	and	_	_	_	_	523	_	_	start_char=3019|end_char=3022
525	I	_	_	_	_	524	_	_	start_char=3023|end_char=3024
526	feel	_	_	_	_	525	_	_	start_char=3025|end_char=3029
527	my	_	_	_	_	526	_	_	start_char=3030|end_char=3032
528	heart	_	_	_	_	527	_	_	start_char=3033|end_char=3038
529	glow	_	_	_	_	528	_	_	start_char=3039|end_char=3043
530	with	_	_	_	_	529	_	_	start_char=3044|end_char=3048
531	an	_	_	_	_	530	_	_	start_char=3049|end_char=3051
532	enthusiasm	_	_	_	_	531	_	_	start_char=3052|end_char=3062
533	which	_	_	_	_	532	_	_	start_char=3063|end_char=3068
534	elevates	_	_	_	_	533	_	_	start_char=3069|end_char=3077
535	me	_	_	_	_	534	_	_	start_char=3078|end_char=3080
536	to	_	_	_	_	535	_	_	start_char=3081|end_char=3083
537	heaven,	_	_	_	_	536	_	_	start_char=3084|end_char=3091
538	for	_	_	_	_	537	_	_	start_char=3092|end_char=3095
539	nothing	_	_	_	_	538	_	_	start_char=3096|end_char=3103
540	contributes	_	_	_	_	539	_	_	start_char=3104|end_char=3115
541	so	_	_	_	_	540	_	_	start_char=3116|end_char=3118
542	much	_	_	_	_	541	_	_	start_char=3119|end_char=3123
543	to	_	_	_	_	542	_	_	start_char=3124|end_char=3126
544	tranquillise	_	_	_	_	543	_	_	start_char=3127|end_char=3139
545	the	_	_	_	_	544	_	_	start_char=3140|end_char=3143
546	mind	_	_	_	_	545	_	_	start_char=3144|end_char=3148
547	as	_	_	_	_	546	_	_	start_char=3149|end_char=3151
548	a	_	_	_	_	547	_	_	start_char=3152|end_char=3153
549	steady	_	_	_	_	548	_	_	start_char=3154|end_char=3160
550	purpose—a	_	_	_	_	549	_	_	start_char=3161|end_char=3170
551	point	_	_	_	_	550	_	_	start_char=3171|end_char=3176
552	on	_	_	_	_	551	_	_	start_char=3177|end_char=3179
553	which	_	_	_	_	552	_	_	start_char=3180|end_char=3185
554	the	_	_	_	_	553	_	_	start_char=3186|end_char=3189
555	soul	_	_	_	_	554	_	_	start_char=3190|end_char=3194
556	may	_	_	_	_	555	_	_	start_char=3195|end_char=3198
557	fix	_	_	_	_	556	_	_	start_char=3199|end_char=3202
558	its	_	_	_	_	557	_	_	start_char=3203|end_char=3206
559	intellectual	_	_	_	_	558	_	_	start_char=3207|end_char=3219
560	eye.	_	_	_	_	559	_	_	start_char=3220|end_char=3224
561	This	_	_	_	_	560	_	_	start_char=3225|end_char=3229
562	expedition	_	_	_	_	561	_	_	start_char=3230|end_char=3240
563	has	_	_	_	_	562	_	_	start_char=3241|end_char=3244
564	been	_	_	_	_	563	_	_	start_char=3245|end_char=3249
565	the	_	_	_	_	564	_	_	start_char=3250|end_char=3253
566	favourite	_	_	_	_	565	_	_	start_char=3254|end_char=3263
567	dream	_	_	_	_	566	_	_	start_char=3264|end_char=3269
568	of	_	_	_	_	567	_	_	start_char=3270|end_char=3272
569	my	_	_	_	_	568	_	_	start_char=3273|end_char=3275
570	early	_	_	_	_	569	_	_	start_char=3276|end_char=3281
571	years.	_	_	_	_	570	_	_	start_char=3282|end_char=3288
572	I	_	_	_	_	571	_	_	start_char=3289|end_char=3290
573	have	_	_	_	_	572	_	_	start_char=3291|end_char=3295
574	read	_	_	_	_	573	_	_	start_char=3296|end_char=3300
575	with	_	_	_	_	574	_	_	start_char=3301|end_char=3305
576	ardour	_	_	_	_	575	_	_	start_char=3306|end_char=3312
577	the	_	_	_	_	576	_	_	start_char=3313|end_char=3316
578	accounts	_	_	_	_	577	_	_	start_char=3317|end_char=3325
579	of	_	_	_	_	578	_	_	start_char=3326|end_char=3328
580	the	_	_	_	_	579	_	_	start_char=3329|end_char=3332
581	various	_	_	_	_	580	_	_	start_char=3333|end_char=3340
582	voyages	_	_	_	_	581	_	_	start_char=3341|end_char=3348
583	which	_	_	_	_	582	_	_	start_char=3349|end_char=3354
584	have	_	_	_	_	583	_	_	start_char=3355|end_char=3359
585	been	_	_	_	_	584	_	_	start_char=3360|end_char=3364
586	made	_	_	_	_	585	_	_	start_char=3365|end_char=3369
587	in	_	_	_	_	586	_	_	start_char=3370|end_char=3372
588	the	_	_	_	_	587	_	_	start_char=3373|end_char=3376
589	prospect	_	_	_	_	588	_	_	start_char=3377|end_char=3385
590	of	_	_	_	_	589	_	_	start_char=3386|end_char=3388
591	arriving	_	_	_	_	590	_	_	start_char=3389|end_char=3397
592	at	_	_	_	_	591	_	_	start_char=3398|end_char=3400
593	the	_	_	_	_	592	_	_	start_char=3401|end_char=3404
594	North	_	_	_	_	593	_	_	start_char=3405|end_char=3410
595	Pacific	_	_	_	_	594	_	_	start_char=3411|end_char=3418
596	Ocean	_	_	_	_	595	_	_	start_char=3419|end_char=3424
597	through	_	_	_	_	596	_	_	start_char=3425|end_char=3432
598	the	_	_	_	_	597	_	_	start_char=3433|end_char=3436
599	seas	_	_	_	_	598	_	_	start_char=3437|end_char=3441
600	which	_	_	_	_	599	_	_	start_char=3442|end_char=3447
601	surround	_	_	_	_	600	_	_	start_char=3448|end_char=3456
602	the	_	_	_	_	601	_	_	start_char=3457|end_char=3460
603	pole.	_	_	_	_	602	_	_	start_char=3461|end_char=3466
604	You	_	_	_	_	603	_	_	start_char=3467|end_char=3470
605	may	_	_	_	_	604	_	_	start_char=3471|end_char=3474
606	remember	_	_	_	_	605	_	_	start_char=3475|end_char=3483
607	that	_	_	_	_	606	_	_	start_char=3484|end_char=3488
608	a	_	_	_	_	607	_	_	start_char=3489|end_char=3490
609	history	_	_	_	_	608	_	_	start_char=3491|end_char=3498
610	of	_	_	_	_	609	_	_	start_char=3499|end_char=3501
611	all	_	_	_	_	610	_	_	start_char=3502|end_char=3505
612	the	_	_	_	_	611	_	_	start_char=3506|end_char=3509
613	voyages	_	_	_	_	612	_	_	start_char=3510|end_char=3517
614	made	_	_	_	_	613	_	_	start_char=3518|end_char=3522
615	for	_	_	_	_	614	_	_	start_char=3523|end_char=3526
616	purposes	_	_	_	_	615	_	_	start_char=3527|end_char=3535
617	of	_	_	_	_	616	_	_	start_char=3536|end_char=3538
618	discovery	_	_	_	_	617	_	_	start_char=3539|end_char=3548
619	composed	_	_	_	_	618	_	_	start_char=3549|end_char=3557
620	the	_	_	_	_	619	_	_	start_char=3558|end_char=3561
621	whole	_	_	_	_	620	_	_	start_char=3562|end_char=3567
622	of	_	_	_	_	621	_	_	start_char=3568|end_char=3570
623	our	_	_	_	_	622	_	_	start_char=3571|end_char=3574
624	good	_	_	_	_	623	_	_	start_char=3575|end_char=3579
625	Uncle	_	_	_	_	624	_	_	start_char=3580|end_char=3585
626	Thomas’	_	_	_	_	625	_	_	start_char=3586|end_char=3593
627	library.	_	_	_	_	626	_	_	start_char=3594|end_char=3602
628	My	_	_	_	_	627	_	_	start_char=3603|end_char=3605
629	education	_	_	_	_	628	_	_	start_char=3606|end_char=3615
630	was	_	_	_	_	629	_	_	start_char=3616|end_char=3619
631	neglected,	_	_	_	_	630	_	_	start_char=3620|end_char=3630
632	yet	_	_	_	_	631	_	_	start_char=3631|end_char=3634
633	I	_	_	_	_	632	_	_	start_char=3635|end_char=3636
634	was	_	_	_	_	633	_	_	start_char=3637|end_char=3640
635	passionately	_	_	_	_	634	_	_	start_char=3641|end_char=3653
636	fond	_	_	_	_	635	_	_	start_char=3654|end_char=3658
637	of	_	_	_	_	636	_	_	start_char=3659|end_char=3661
638	reading.	_	_	_	_	637	_	_	start_char=3662|end_char=3670
639	These	_	_	_	_	638	_	_	start_char=3671|end_char=3676
640	volumes	_	_	_	_	639	_	_	start_char=3677|end_char=3684
641	were	_	_	_	_	640	_	_	start_char=3685|end_char=3689
642	my	_	_	_	_	641	_	_	start_char=3690|end_char=3692
643	study	_	_	_	_	642	_	_	start_char=3693|end_char=3698
644	day	_	_	_	_	643	_	_	start_char=3699|end_char=3702
645	and	_	_	_	_	644	_	_	start_char=3703|end_char=3706
646	night,	_	_	_	_	645	_	_	start_char=3707|end_char=3713
647	and	_	_	_	_	646	_	_	start_char=3714|end_char=3717
648	my	_	_	_	_	647	_	_	start_char=3718|end_char=3720
649	familiarity	_	_	_	_	648	_	_	start_char=3721|end_char=3732
650	with	_	_	_	_	649	_	_	start_char=3733|end_char=3737
651	them	_	_	_	_	650	_	_	start_char=3738|end_char=3742
652	increased	_	_	_	_	651	_	_	start_char=3743|end_char=3752
653	that	_	_	_	_	652	_	_	start_char=3753|end_char=3757
654	regret	_	_	_	_	653	_	_	start_char=3758|end_char=3764
655	which	_	_	_	_	654	_	_	start_char=3765|end_char=3770
656	I	_	_	_	_	655	_	_	start_char=3771|end_char=3772
657	had	_	_	_	_	656	_	_	start_char=3773|end_char=3776
658	felt,	_	_	_	_	657	_	_	start_char=3777|end_char=3782
659	as	_	_	_	_	658	_	_	start_char=3783|end_char=3785
660	a	_	_	_	_	659	_	_	start_char=3786|end_char=3787
661	child,	_	_	_	_	660	_	_	start_char=3788|end_char=3794
662	on	_	_	_	_	661	_	_	start_char=3795|end_char=3797
663	learning	_	_	_	_	662	_	_	start_char=3798|end_char=3806
664	that	_	_	_	_	663	_	_	start_char=3807|end_char=3811
665	my	_	_	_	_	664	_	_	start_char=3812|end_char=3814
666	father’s	_	_	_	_	665	_	_	start_char=3815|end_char=3823
667	dying	_	_	_	_	666	_	_	start_char=3824|end_char=3829
668	injunction	_	_	_	_	667	_	_	start_char=3830|end_char=3840
669	had	_	_	_	_	668	_	_	start_char=3841|end_char=3844
670	forbidden	_	_	_	_	669	_	_	start_char=3845|end_char=3854
671	my	_	_	_	_	670	_	_	start_char=3855|end_char=3857
672	uncle	_	_	_	_	671	_	_	start_char=3858|end_char=3863
673	to	_	_	_	_	672	_	_	start_char=3864|end_char=3866
674	allow	_	_	_	_	673	_	_	start_char=3867|end_char=3872
675	me	_	_	_	_	674	_	_	start_char=3873|end_char=3875
676	to	_	_	_	_	675	_	_	start_char=3876|end_char=3878
677	embark	_	_	_	_	676	_	_	start_char=3879|end_char=3885
678	in	_	_	_	_	677	_	_	start_char=3886|end_char=3888
679	a	_	_	_	_	678	_	_	start_char=3889|end_char=3890
680	seafaring	_	_	_	_	679	_	_	start_char=3891|end_char=3900
681	life.	_	_	_	_	680	_	_	start_char=3901|end_char=3906
682	These	_	_	_	_	681	_	_	start_char=3907|end_char=3912
683	visions	_	_	_	_	682	_	_	start_char=3913|end_char=3920
684	faded	_	_	_	_	683	_	_	start_char=3921|end_char=3926
685	when	_	_	_	_	684	_	_	start_char=3927|end_char=3931
686	I	_	_	_	_	685	_	_	start_char=3932|end_char=3933
687	perused,	_	_	_	_	686	_	_	start_char=3934|end_char=3942
688	for	_	_	_	_	687	_	_	start_char=3943|end_char=3946
689	the	_	_	_	_	688	_	_	start_char=3947|end_char=3950
690	first	_	_	_	_	689	_	_	start_char=3951|end_char=3956
691	time,	_	_	_	_	690	_	_	start_char=3957|end_char=3962
692	those	_	_	_	_	691	_	_	start_char=3963|end_char=3968
693	poets	_	_	_	_	692	_	_	start_char=3969|end_char=3974
694	whose	_	_	_	_	693	_	_	start_char=3975|end_char=3980
695	effusions	_	_	_	_	694	_	_	start_char=3981|end_char=3990
696	entranced	_	_	_	_	695	_	_	start_char=3991|end_char=4000
697	my	_	_	_	_	696	_	_	start_char=4001|end_char=4003
698	soul	_	_	_	_	697	_	_	start_char=4004|end_char=4008
699	and	_	_	_	_	698	_	_	start_char=4009|end_char=4012
700	lifted	_	_	_	_	699	_	_	start_char=4013|end_char=4019
701	it	_	_	_	_	700	_	_	start_char=4020|end_char=4022
702	to	_	_	_	_	701	_	_	start_char=4023|end_char=4025
703	heaven.	_	_	_	_	702	_	_	start_char=4026|end_char=4033
704	I	_	_	_	_	703	_	_	start_char=4034|end_char=4035
705	also	_	_	_	_	704	_	_	start_char=4036|end_char=4040
706	became	_	_	_	_	705	_	_	start_char=4041|end_char=4047
707	a	_	_	_	_	706	_	_	start_char=4048|end_char=4049
708	poet	_	_	_	_	707	_	_	start_char=4050|end_char=4054
709	and	_	_	_	_	708	_	_	start_char=4055|end_char=4058
710	for	_	_	_	_	709	_	_	start_char=4059|end_char=4062
711	one	_	_	_	_	710	_	_	start_char=4063|end_char=4066
712	year	_	_	_	_	711	_	_	start_char=4067|end_char=4071
713	lived	_	_	_	_	712	_	_	start_char=4072|end_char=4077
714	in	_	_	_	_	713	_	_	start_char=4078|end_char=4080
715	a	_	_	_	_	714	_	_	start_char=4081|end_char=4082
716	paradise	_	_	_	_	715	_	_	start_char=4083|end_char=4091
717	of	_	_	_	_	716	_	_	start_char=4092|end_char=4094
718	my	_	_	_	_	717	_	_	start_char=4095|end_char=4097
719	own	_	_	_	_	718	_	_	start_char=4098|end_char=4101
720	creation;	_	_	_	_	719	_	_	start_char=4102|end_char=4111
721	I	_	_	_	_	720	_	_	start_char=4112|end_char=4113
722	imagined	_	_	_	_	721	_	_	start_char=4114|end_char=4122
723	that	_	_	_	_	722	_	_	start_char=4123|end_char=4127
724	I	_	_	_	_	723	_	_	start_char=4128|end_char=4129
725	also	_	_	_	_	724	_	_	start_char=4130|end_char=4134
726	might	_	_	_	_	725	_	_	start_char=4135|end_char=4140
727	obtain	_	_	_	_	726	_	_	start_char=4141|end_char=4147
728	a	_	_	_	_	727	_	_	start_char=4148|end_char=4149
729	niche	_	_	_	_	728	_	_	start_char=4150|end_char=4155
730	in	_	_	_	_	729	_	_	start_char=4156|end_char=4158
731	the	_	_	_	_	730	_	_	start_char=4159|end_char=4162
732	temple	_	_	_	_	731	_	_	start_char=4163|end_char=4169
733	where	_	_	_	_	732	_	_	start_char=4170|end_char=4175
734	the	_	_	_	_	733	_	_	start_char=4176|end_char=4179
735	names	_	_	_	_	734	_	_	start_char=4180|end_char=4185
736	of	_	_	_	_	735	_	_	start_char=4186|end_char=4188
737	Homer	_	_	_	_	736	_	_	start_char=4189|end_char=4194
738	and	_	_	_	_	737	_	_	start_char=4195|end_char=4198
739	Shakespeare	_	_	_	_	738	_	_	start_char=4199|end_char=4210
740	are	_	_	_	_	739	_	_	start_char=4211|end_char=4214
741	consecrated.	_	_	_	_	740	_	_	start_char=4215|end_char=4227
742	You	_	_	_	_	741	_	_	start_char=4228|end_char=4231
743	are	_	_	_	_	742	_	_	start_char=4232|end_char=4235
744	well	_	_	_	_	743	_	_	start_char=4236|end_char=4240
745	acquainted	_	_	_	_	744	_	_	start_char=4241|end_char=4251
746	with	_	_	_	_	745	_	_	start_char=4252|end_char=4256
747	my	_	_	_	_	746	_	_	start_char=4257|end_char=4259
748	failure	_	_	_	_	747	_	_	start_char=4260|end_char=4267
749	and	_	_	_	_	748	_	_	start_char=4268|end_char=4271
750	how	_	_	_	_	749	_	_	start_char=4272|end_char=4275
751	heavily	_	_	_	_	750	_	_	start_char=4276|end_char=4283
752	I	_	_	_	_	751	_	_	start_char=4284|end_char=4285
753	bore	_	_	_	_	752	_	_	start_char=4286|end_char=4290
754	the	_	_	_	_	753	_	_	start_char=4291|end_char=4294
755	disappointment.	_	_	_	_	754	_	_	start_char=4295|end_char=4310
756	But	_	_	_	_	755	_	_	start_char=4311|end_char=4314
757	just	_	_	_	_	756	_	_	start_char=4315|end_char=4319
758	at	_	_	_	_	757	_	_	start_char=4320|end_char=4322
759	that	_	_	_	_	758	_	_	start_char=4323|end_char=4327
760	time	_	_	_	_	759	_	_	start_char=4328|end_char=4332
761	I	_	_	_	_	760	_	_	start_char=4333|end_char=4334
762	inherited	_	_	_	_	761	_	_	start_char=4335|end_char=4344
763	the	_	_	_	_	762	_	_	start_char=4345|end_char=4348
764	fortune	_	_	_	_	763	_	_	start_char=4349|end_char=4356
765	of	_	_	_	_	764	_	_	start_char=4357|end_char=4359
766	my	_	_	_	_	765	_	_	start_char=4360|end_char=4362
767	cousin,	_	_	_	_	766	_	_	start_char=4363|end_char=4370
768	and	_	_	_	_	767	_	_	start_char=4371|end_char=4374
769	my	_	_	_	_	768	_	_	start_char=4375|end_char=4377
770	thoughts	_	_	_	_	769	_	_	start_char=4378|end_char=4386
771	were	_	_	_	_	770	_	_	start_char=4387|end_char=4391
772	turned	_	_	_	_	771	_	_	start_char=4392|end_char=4398
773	into	_	_	_	_	772	_	_	start_char=4399|end_char=4403
774	the	_	_	_	_	773	_	_	start_char=4404|end_char=4407
775	channel	_	_	_	_	774	_	_	start_char=4408|end_char=4415
776	of	_	_	_	_	775	_	_	start_char=4416|end_char=4418
777	their	_	_	_	_	776	_	_	start_char=4419|end_char=4424
778	earlier	_	_	_	_	777	_	_	start_char=4425|end_char=4432
779	bent.	_	_	_	_	778	_	_	start_char=4433|end_char=4438
780	Six	_	_	_	_	779	_	_	start_char=4439|end_char=4442
781	years	_	_	_	_	780	_	_	start_char=4443|end_char=4448
782	have	_	_	_	_	781	_	_	start_char=4449|end_char=4453
783	passed	_	_	_	_	782	_	_	start_char=4454|end_char=4460
784	since	_	_	_	_	783	_	_	start_char=4461|end_char=4466
785	I	_	_	_	_	784	_	_	start_char=4467|end_char=4468
786	resolved	_	_	_	_	785	_	_	start_char=4469|end_char=4477
787	on	_	_	_	_	786	_	_	start_char=4478|end_char=4480
788	my	_	_	_	_	787	_	_	start_char=4481|end_char=4483
789	present	_	_	_	_	788	_	_	start_char=4484|end_char=4491
790	undertaking.	_	_	_	_	789	_	_	start_char=4492|end_char=4504
791	I	_	_	_	_	790	_	_	start_char=4505|end_char=4506
792	can,	_	_	_	_	791	_	_	start_char=4507|end_char=4511
793	even	_	_	_	_	792	_	_	start_char=4512|end_char=4516
794	now,	_	_	_	_	793	_	_	start_char=4517|end_char=4521
795	remember	_	_	_	_	794	_	_	start_char=4522|end_char=4530
796	the	_	_	_	_	795	_	_	start_char=4531|end_char=4534
797	hour	_	_	_	_	796	_	_	start_char=4535|end_char=4539
798	from	_	_	_	_	797	_	_	start_char=4540|end_char=4544
799	which	_	_	_	_	798	_	_	start_char=4545|end_char=4550
800	I	_	_	_	_	799	_	_	start_char=4551|end_char=4552
801	dedicated	_	_	_	_	800	_	_	start_char=4553|end_char=4562
802	myself	_	_	_	_	801	_	_	start_char=4563|end_char=4569
803	to	_	_	_	_	802	_	_	start_char=4570|end_char=4572
804	this	_	_	_	_	803	_	_	start_char=4573|end_char=4577
805	great	_	_	_	_	804	_	_	start_char=4578|end_char=4583
806	enterprise.	_	_	_	_	805	_	_	start_char=4584|end_char=4595
807	I	_	_	_	_	806	_	_	start_char=4596|end_char=4597
808	commenced	_	_	_	_	807	_	_	start_char=4598|end_char=4607
809	by	_	_	_	_	808	_	_	start_char=4608|end_char=4610
810	inuring	_	_	_	_	809	_	_	start_char=4611|end_char=4618
811	my	_	_	_	_	810	_	_	start_char=4619|end_char=4621
812	body	_	_	_	_	811	_	_	start_char=4622|end_char=4626
813	to	_	_	_	_	812	_	_	start_char=4627|end_char=4629
814	hardship.	_	_	_	_	813	_	_	start_char=4630|end_char=4639
815	I	_	_	_	_	814	_	_	start_char=4640|end_char=4641
816	accompanied	_	_	_	_	815	_	_	start_char=4642|end_char=4653
817	the	_	_	_	_	816	_	_	start_char=4654|end_char=4657
818	whale-fishers	_	_	_	_	817	_	_	start_char=4658|end_char=4671
819	on	_	_	_	_	818	_	_	start_char=4672|end_char=4674
820	several	_	_	_	_	819	_	_	start_char=4675|end_char=4682
821	expeditions	_	_	_	_	820	_	_	start_char=4683|end_char=4694
822	to	_	_	_	_	821	_	_	start_char=4695|end_char=4697
823	the	_	_	_	_	822	_	_	start_char=4698|end_char=4701
824	North	_	_	_	_	823	_	_	start_char=4702|end_char=4707
825	Sea;	_	_	_	_	824	_	_	start_char=4708|end_char=4712
826	I	_	_	_	_	825	_	_	start_char=4713|end_char=4714
827	voluntarily	_	_	_	_	826	_	_	start_char=4715|end_char=4726
828	endured	_	_	_	_	827	_	_	start_char=4727|end_char=4734
829	cold,	_	_	_	_	828	_	_	start_char=4735|end_char=4740
830	famine,	_	_	_	_	829	_	_	start_char=4741|end_char=4748
831	thirst,	_	_	_	_	830	_	_	start_char=4749|end_char=4756
832	and	_	_	_	_	831	_	_	start_char=4757|end_char=4760
833	want	_	_	_	_	832	_	_	start_char=4761|end_char=4765
834	of	_	_	_	_	833	_	_	start_char=4766|end_char=4768
835	sleep;	_	_	_	_	834	_	_	start_char=4769|end_char=4775
836	I	_	_	_	_	835	_	_	start_char=4776|end_char=4777
837	often	_	_	_	_	836	_	_	start_char=4778|end_char=4783
838	worked	_	_	_	_	837	_	_	start_char=4784|end_char=4790
839	harder	_	_	_	_	838	_	_	start_char=4791|end_char=4797
840	than	_	_	_	_	839	_	_	start_char=4798|end_char=4802
841	the	_	_	_	_	840	_	_	start_char=4803|end_char=4806
842	common	_	_	_	_	841	_	_	start_char=4807|end_char=4813
843	sailors	_	_	_	_	842	_	_	start_char=4814|end_char=4821
844	during	_	_	_	_	843	_	_	start_char=4822|end_char=4828
845	the	_	_	_	_	844	_	_	start_char=4829|end_char=4832
846	day	_	_	_	_	845	_	_	start_char=4833|end_char=4836
847	and	_	_	_	_	846	_	_	start_char=4837|end_char=4840
848	devoted	_	_	_	_	847	_	_	start_char=4841|end_char=4848
849	my	_	_	_	_	848	_	_	start_char=4849|end_char=4851
850	nights	_	_	_	_	849	_	_	start_char=4852|end_char=4858
851	to	_	_	_	_	850	_	_	start_char=4859|end_char=4861
852	the	_	_	_	_	851	_	_	start_char=4862|end_char=4865
853	study	_	_	_	_	852	_	_	start_char=4866|end_char=4871
854	of	_	_	_	_	853	_	_	start_char=4872|end_char=4874
855	mathematics,	_	_	_	_	854	_	_	start_char=4875|end_char=4887
856	the	_	_	_	_	855	_	_	start_char=4888|end_char=4891
857	theory	_	_	_	_	856	_	_	start_char=4892|end_char=4898
858	of	_	_	_	_	857	_	_	start_char=4899|end_char=4901
859	medicine,	_	_	_	_	858	_	_	start_char=4902|end_char=4911
860	and	_	_	_	_	859	_	_	start_char=4912|end_char=4915
861	those	_	_	_	_	860	_	_	start_char=4916|end_char=4921
862	branches	_	_	_	_	861	_	_	start_char=4922|end_char=4930
863	of	_	_	_	_	862	_	_	start_char=4931|end_char=4933
864	physical	_	_	_	_	863	_	_	start_char=4934|end_char=4942
865	science	_	_	_	_	864	_	_	start_char=4943|end_char=4950
866	from	_	_	_	_	865	_	_	start_char=4951|end_char=4955
867	which	_	_	_	_	866	_	_	start_char=4956|end_char=4961
868	a	_	_	_	_	867	_	_	start_char=4962|end_char=4963
869	naval	_	_	_	_	868	_	_	start_char=4964|end_char=4969
870	adventurer	_	_	_	_	869	_	_	start_char=4970|end_char=4980
871	might	_	_	_	_	870	_	_	start_char=4981|end_char=4986
872	derive	_	_	_	_	871	_	_	start_char=4987|end_char=4993
873	the	_	_	_	_	872	_	_	start_char=4994|end_char=4997
874	greatest	_	_	_	_	873	_	_	start_char=4998|end_char=5006
875	practical	_	_	_	_	874	_	_	start_char=5007|end_char=5016
876	advantage.	_	_	_	_	875	_	_	start_char=5017|end_char=5027
877	Twice	_	_	_	_	876	_	_	start_char=5028|end_char=5033
878	I	_	_	_	_	877	_	_	start_char=5034|end_char=5035
879	actually	_	_	_	_	878	_	_	start_char=5036|end_char=5044
880	hired	_	_	_	_	879	_	_	start_char=5045|end_char=5050
881	myself	_	_	_	_	880	_	_	start_char=5051|end_char=5057
882	as	_	_	_	_	881	_	_	start_char=5058|end_char=5060
883	an	_	_	_	_	882	_	_	start_char=5061|end_char=5063
884	under-mate	_	_	_	_	883	_	_	start_char=5064|end_char=5074
885	in	_	_	_	_	884	_	_	start_char=5075|end_char=5077
886	a	_	_	_	_	885	_	_	start_char=5078|end_char=5079
887	Greenland	_	_	_	_	886	_	_	start_char=5080|end_char=5089
888	whaler,	_	_	_	_	887	_	_	start_char=5090|end_char=5097
889	and	_	_	_	_	888	_	_	start_char=5098|end_char=5101
890	acquitted	_	_	_	_	889	_	_	start_char=5102|end_char=5111
891	myself	_	_	_	_	890	_	_	start_char=5112|end_char=5118
892	to	_	_	_	_	891	_	_	start_char=5119|end_char=5121
893	admiration.	_	_	_	_	892	_	_	start_char=5122|end_char=5133
894	I	_	_	_	_	893	_	_	start_char=5134|end_char=5135
895	must	_	_	_	_	894	_	_	start_char=5136|end_char=5140
896	own	_	_	_	_	895	_	_	start_char=5141|end_char=5144
897	I	_	_	_	_	896	_	_	start_char=5145|end_char=5146
898	felt	_	_	_	_	897	_	_	start_char=5147|end_char=5151
899	a	_	_	_	_	898	_	_	start_char=5152|end_char=5153
900	little	_	_	_	_	899	_	_	start_char=5154|end_char=5160
901	proud	_	_	_	_	900	_	_	start_char=5161|end_char=5166
902	when	_	_	_	_	901	_	_	start_char=5167|end_char=5171
903	my	_	_	_	_	902	_	_	start_char=5172|end_char=5174
904	captain	_	_	_	_	903	_	_	start_char=5175|end_char=5182
905	offered	_	_	_	_	904	_	_	start_char=5183|end_char=5190
906	me	_	_	_	_	905	_	_	start_char=5191|end_char=5193
907	the	_	_	_	_	906	_	_	start_char=5194|end_char=5197
908	second	_	_	_	_	907	_	_	start_char=5198|end_char=5204
909	dignity	_	_	_	_	908	_	_	start_char=5205|end_char=5212
910	in	_	_	_	_	909	_	_	start_char=5213|end_char=5215
911	the	_	_	_	_	910	_	_	start_char=5216|end_char=5219
912	vessel	_	_	_	_	911	_	_	start_char=5220|end_char=5226
913	and	_	_	_	_	912	_	_	start_char=5227|end_char=5230
914	entreated	_	_	_	_	913	_	_	start_char=5231|end_char=5240
915	me	_	_	_	_	914	_	_	start_char=5241|end_char=5243
916	to	_	_	_	_	915	_	_	start_char=5244|end_char=5246
917	remain	_	_	_	_	916	_	_	start_char=5247|end_char=5253
918	with	_	_	_	_	917	_	_	start_char=5254|end_char=5258
919	the	_	_	_	_	918	_	_	start_char=5259|end_char=5262
920	greatest	_	_	_	_	919	_	_	start_char=5263|end_char=5271
921	earnestness,	_	_	_	_	920	_	_	start_char=5272|end_char=5284
922	so	_	_	_	_	921	_	_	start_char=5285|end_char=5287
923	valuable	_	_	_	_	922	_	_	start_char=5288|end_char=5296
924	did	_	_	_	_	923	_	_	start_char=5297|end_char=5300
925	he	_	_	_	_	924	_	_	start_char=5301|end_char=5303
926	consider	_	_	_	_	925	_	_	start_char=5304|end_char=5312
927	my	_	_	_	_	926	_	_	start_char=5313|end_char=5315
928	services.	_	_	_	_	927	_	_	start_char=5316|end_char=5325
929	And	_	_	_	_	928	_	_	start_char=5326|end_char=5329
930	now,	_	_	_	_	929	_	_	start_char=5330|end_char=5334
931	dear	_	_	_	_	930	_	_	start_char=5335|end_char=5339
932	Margaret,	_	_	_	_	931	_	_	start_char=5340|end_char=5349
933	do	_	_	_	_	932	_	_	start_char=5350|end_char=5352
934	I	_	_	_	_	933	_	_	start_char=5353|end_char=5354
935	not	_	_	_	_	934	_	_	start_char=5355|end_char=5358
936	deserve	_	_	_	_	935	_	_	start_char=5359|end_char=5366
937	to	_	_	_	_	936	_	_	start_char=5367|end_char=5369
938	accomplish	_	_	_	_	937	_	_	start_char=5370|end_char=5380
939	some	_	_	_	_	938	_	_	start_char=5381|end_char=5385
940	great	_	_	_	_	939	_	_	start_char=5386|end_char=5391
941	purpose?	_	_	_	_	940	_	_	start_char=5392|end_char=5400
942	My	_	_	_	_	941	_	_	start_char=5401|end_char=5403
943	life	_	_	_	_	942	_	_	start_char=5404|end_char=5408
944	might	_	_	_	_	943	_	_	start_char=5409|end_char=5414
945	have	_	_	_	_	944	_	_	start_char=5415|end_char=5419
946	been	_	_	_	_	945	_	_	start_char=5420|end_char=5424
947	passed	_	_	_	_	946	_	_	start_char=5425|end_char=5431
948	in	_	_	_	_	947	_	_	start_char=5432|end_char=5434
949	ease	_	_	_	_	948	_	_	start_char=5435|end_char=5439
950	and	_	_	_	_	949	_	_	start_char=5440|end_char=5443
951	luxury,	_	_	_	_	950	_	_	start_char=5444|end_char=5451
952	but	_	_	_	_	951	_	_	start_char=5452|end_char=5455
953	I	_	_	_	_	952	_	_	start_char=5456|end_char=5457
954	preferred	_	_	_	_	953	_	_	start_char=5458|end_char=5467
955	glory	_	_	_	_	954	_	_	start_char=5468|end_char=5473
956	to	_	_	_	_	955	_	_	start_char=5474|end_char=5476
957	every	_	_	_	_	956	_	_	start_char=5477|end_char=5482
958	enticement	_	_	_	_	957	_	_	start_char=5483|end_char=5493
959	that	_	_	_	_	958	_	_	start_char=5494|end_char=5498
960	wealth	_	_	_	_	959	_	_	start_char=5499|end_char=5505
961	placed	_	_	_	_	960	_	_	start_char=5506|end_char=5512
962	in	_	_	_	_	961	_	_	start_char=5513|end_char=5515
963	my	_	_	_	_	962	_	_	start_char=5516|end_char=5518
964	path.	_	_	_	_	963	_	_	start_char=5519|end_char=5524
965	Oh,	_	_	_	_	964	_	_	start_char=5525|end_char=5528
966	that	_	_	_	_	965	_	_	start_char=5529|end_char=5533
967	some	_	_	_	_	966	_	_	start_char=5534|end_char=5538
968	encouraging	_	_	_	_	967	_	_	start_char=5539|end_char=5550
969	voice	_	_	_	_	968	_	_	start_char=5551|end_char=5556
970	would	_	_	_	_	969	_	_	start_char=5557|end_char=5562
971	answer	_	_	_	_	970	_	_	start_char=5563|end_char=5569
972	in	_	_	_	_	971	_	_	start_char=5570|end_char=5572
973	the	_	_	_	_	972	_	_	start_char=5573|end_char=5576
974	affirmative!	_	_	_	_	973	_	_	start_char=5577|end_char=5589
975	My	_	_	_	_	974	_	_	start_char=5590|end_char=5592
976	courage	_	_	_	_	975	_	_	start_char=5593|end_char=5600
977	and	_	_	_	_	976	_	_	start_char=5601|end_char=5604
978	my	_	_	_	_	977	_	_	start_char=5605|end_char=5607
979	resolution	_	_	_	_	978	_	_	start_char=5608|end_char=5618
980	is	_	_	_	_	979	_	_	start_char=5619|end_char=5621
981	firm;	_	_	_	_	980	_	_	start_char=5622|end_char=5627
982	but	_	_	_	_	981	_	_	start_char=5628|end_char=5631
983	my	_	_	_	_	982	_	_	start_char=5632|end_char=5634
984	hopes	_	_	_	_	983	_	_	start_char=5635|end_char=5640
985	fluctuate,	_	_	_	_	984	_	_	start_char=5641|end_char=5651
986	and	_	_	_	_	985	_	_	start_char=5652|end_char=5655
987	my	_	_	_	_	986	_	_	start_char=5656|end_char=5658
988	spirits	_	_	_	_	987	_	_	start_char=5659|end_char=5666
989	are	_	_	_	_	988	_	_	start_char=5667|end_char=5670
990	often	_	_	_	_	989	_	_	start_char=5671|end_char=5676
991	depressed.	_	_	_	_	990	_	_	start_char=5677|end_char=5687
992	I	_	_	_	_	991	_	_	start_char=5688|end_char=5689
993	am	_	_	_	_	992	_	_	start_char=5690|end_char=5692
994	about	_	_	_	_	993	_	_	start_char=5693|end_char=5698
995	to	_	_	_	_	994	_	_	start_char=5699|end_char=5701
996	proceed	_	_	_	_	995	_	_	start_char=5702|end_char=5709
997	on	_	_	_	_	996	_	_	start_char=5710|end_char=5712
998	a	_	_	_	_	997	_	_	start_char=5713|end_char=5714
999	long	_	_	_	_	998	_	_	start_char=5715|end_char=5719
1000	and	_	_	_	_	999	_	_	start_char=5720|end_char=5723
1001	difficult	_	_	_	_	1000	_	_	start_char=5724|end_char=5733
1002	voyage,	_	_	_	_	1001	_	_	start_char=5734|end_char=5741
1003	the	_	_	_	_	1002	_	_	start_char=5742|end_char=5745
1004	emergencies	_	_	_	_	1003	_	_	start_char=5746|end_char=5757
1005	of	_	_	_	_	1004	_	_	start_char=5758|end_char=5760
1006	which	_	_	_	_	1005	_	_	start_char=5761|end_char=5766
1007	will	_	_	_	_	1006	_	_	start_char=5767|end_char=5771
1008	demand	_	_	_	_	1007	_	_	start_char=5772|end_char=5778
1009	all	_	_	_	_	1008	_	_	start_char=5779|end_char=5782
1010	my	_	_	_	_	1009	_	_	start_char=5783|end_char=5785
1011	fortitude:	_	_	_	_	1010	_	_	start_char=5786|end_char=5796
1012	I	_	_	_	_	1011	_	_	start_char=5797|end_char=5798
1013	am	_	_	_	_	1012	_	_	start_char=5799|end_char=5801
1014	required	_	_	_	_	1013	_	_	start_char=5802|end_char=5810
1015	not	_	_	_	_	1014	_	_	start_char=5811|end_char=5814
1016	only	_	_	_	_	1015	_	_	start_char=5815|end_char=5819
1017	to	_	_	_	_	1016	_	_	start_char=5820|end_char=5822
1018	raise	_	_	_	_	1017	_	_	start_char=5823|end_char=5828
1019	the	_	_	_	_	1018	_	_	start_char=5829|end_char=5832
1020	spirits	_	_	_	_	1019	_	_	start_char=5833|end_char=5840
1021	of	_	_	_	_	1020	_	_	start_char=5841|end_char=5843
1022	others,	_	_	_	_	1021	_	_	start_char=5844|end_char=5851
1023	but	_	_	_	_	1022	_	_	start_char=5852|end_char=5855
1024	sometimes	_	_	_	_	1023	_	_	start_char=5856|end_char=5865
1025	to	_	_	_	_	1024	_	_	start_char=5866|end_char=5868
1026	sustain	_	_	_	_	1025	_	_	start_char=5869|end_char=5876
1027	my	_	_	_	_	1026	_	_	start_char=5877|end_char=5879
1028	own,	_	_	_	_	1027	_	_	start_char=5880|end_char=5884
1029	when	_	_	_	_	1028	_	_	start_char=5885|end_char=5889
1030	theirs	_	_	_	_	1029	_	_	start_char=5890|end_char=5896
1031	are	_	_	_	_	1030	_	_	start_char=5897|end_char=5900
1032	failing.	_	_	_	_	1031	_	_	start_char=5901|end_char=5909
1033	This	_	_	_	_	1032	_	_	start_char=5910|end_char=5914
1034	is	_	_	_	_	1033	_	_	start_char=5915|end_char=5917
1035	the	_	_	_	_	1034	_	_	start_char=5918|end_char=5921
1036	most	_	_	_	_	1035	_	_	start_char=5922|end_char=5926
1037	favourable	_	_	_	_	1036	_	_	start_char=5927|end_char=5937
1038	period	_	_	_	_	1037	_	_	start_char=5938|end_char=5944
1039	for	_	_	_	_	1038	_	_	start_char=5945|end_char=5948
1040	travelling	_	_	_	_	1039	_	_	start_char=5949|end_char=5959
1041	in	_	_	_	_	1040	_	_	start_char=5960|end_char=5962
1042	Russia.	_	_	_	_	1041	_	_	start_char=5963|end_char=5970
1043	They	_	_	_	_	1042	_	_	start_char=5971|end_char=5975
1044	fly	_	_	_	_	1043	_	_	start_char=5976|end_char=5979
1045	quickly	_	_	_	_	1044	_	_	start_char=5980|end_char=5987
1046	over	_	_	_	_	1045	_	_	start_char=5988|end_char=5992
1047	the	_	_	_	_	1046	_	_	start_char=5993|end_char=5996
1048	snow	_	_	_	_	1047	_	_	start_char=5997|end_char=6001
1049	in	_	_	_	_	1048	_	_	start_char=6002|end_char=6004
1050	their	_	_	_	_	1049	_	_	start_char=6005|end_char=6010
1051	sledges;	_	_	_	_	1050	_	_	start_char=6011|end_char=6019
1052	the	_	_	_	_	1051	_	_	start_char=6020|end_char=6023
1053	motion	_	_	_	_	1052	_	_	start_char=6024|end_char=6030
1054	is	_	_	_	_	1053	_	_	start_char=6031|end_char=6033
1055	pleasant,	_	_	_	_	1054	_	_	start_char=6034|end_char=6043
1056	and,	_	_	_	_	1055	_	_	start_char=6044|end_char=6048
1057	in	_	_	_	_	1056	_	_	start_char=6049|end_char=6051
1058	my	_	_	_	_	1057	_	_	start_char=6052|end_char=6054
1059	opinion,	_	_	_	_	1058	_	_	start_char=6055|end_char=6063
1060	far	_	_	_	_	1059	_	_	start_char=6064|end_char=6067
1061	more	_	_	_	_	1060	_	_	start_char=6068|end_char=6072
1062	agreeable	_	_	_	_	1061	_	_	start_char=6073|end_char=6082
1063	than	_	_	_	_	1062	_	_	start_char=6083|end_char=6087
1064	that	_	_	_	_	1063	_	_	start_char=6088|end_char=6092
1065	of	_	_	_	_	1064	_	_	start_char=6093|end_char=6095
1066	an	_	_	_	_	1065	_	_	start_char=6096|end_char=6098
1067	English	_	_	_	_	1066	_	_	start_char=6099|end_char=6106
1068	stagecoach.	_	_	_	_	1067	_	_	start_char=6107|end_char=6118
1069	The	_	_	_	_	1068	_	_	start_char=6119|end_char=6122
1070	cold	_	_	_	_	1069	_	_	start_char=6123|end_char=6127
1071	is	_	_	_	_	1070	_	_	start_char=6128|end_char=6130
1072	not	_	_	_	_	1071	_	_	start_char=6131|end_char=6134
1073	excessive,	_	_	_	_	1072	_	_	start_char=6135|end_char=6145
1074	if	_	_	_	_	1073	_	_	start_char=6146|end_char=6148
1075	you	_	_	_	_	1074	_	_	start_char=6149|end_char=6152
1076	are	_	_	_	_	1075	_	_	start_char=6153|end_char=6156
1077	wrapped	_	_	_	_	1076	_	_	start_char=6157|end_char=6164
1078	in	_	_	_	_	1077	_	_	start_char=6165|end_char=6167
1079	furs—a	_	_	_	_	1078	_	_	start_char=6168|end_char=6174
1080	dress	_	_	_	_	1079	_	_	start_char=6175|end_char=6180
1081	which	_	_	_	_	1080	_	_	start_char=6181|end_char=6186
1082	I	_	_	_	_	1081	_	_	start_char=6187|end_char=6188
1083	have	_	_	_	_	1082	_	_	start_char=6189|end_char=6193
1084	already	_	_	_	_	1083	_	_	start_char=6194|end_char=6201
1085	adopted,	_	_	_	_	1084	_	_	start_char=6202|end_char=6210
1086	for	_	_	_	_	1085	_	_	start_char=6211|end_char=6214
1087	there	_	_	_	_	1086	_	_	start_char=6215|end_char=6220
1088	is	_	_	_	_	1087	_	_	start_char=6221|end_char=6223
1089	a	_	_	_	_	1088	_	_	start_char=6224|end_char=6225
1090	great	_	_	_	_	1089	_	_	start_char=6226|end_char=6231
1091	difference	_	_	_	_	1090	_	_	start_char=6232|end_char=6242
1092	between	_	_	_	_	1091	_	_	start_char=6243|end_char=6250
1093	walking	_	_	_	_	1092	_	_	start_char=6251|end_char=6258
1094	the	_	_	_	_	1093	_	_	start_char=6259|end_char=6262
1095	deck	_	_	_	_	1094	_	_	start_char=6263|end_char=6267
1096	and	_	_	_	_	1095	_	_	start_char=6268|end_char=6271
1097	remaining	_	_	_	_	1096	_	_	start_char=6272|end_char=6281
1098	seated	_	_	_	_	1097	_	_	start_char=6282|end_char=6288
1099	motionless	_	_	_	_	1098	_	_	start_char=6289|end_char=6299
1100	for	_	_	_	_	1099	_	_	start_char=6300|end_char=6303
1101	hours,	_	_	_	_	1100	_	_	start_char=6304|end_char=6310
1102	when	_	_	_	_	1101	_	_	start_char=6311|end_char=6315
1103	no	_	_	_	_	1102	_	_	start_char=6316|end_char=6318
1104	exercise	_	_	_	_	1103	_	_	start_char=6319|end_char=6327
1105	prevents	_	_	_	_	1104	_	_	start_char=6328|end_char=6336
1106	the	_	_	_	_	1105	_	_	start_char=6337|end_char=6340
1107	blood	_	_	_	_	1106	_	_	start_char=6341|end_char=6346
1108	from	_	_	_	_	1107	_	_	start_char=6347|end_char=6351
1109	actually	_	_	_	_	1108	_	_	start_char=6352|end_char=6360
1110	freezing	_	_	_	_	1109	_	_	start_char=6361|end_char=6369
1111	in	_	_	_	_	1110	_	_	start_char=6370|end_char=6372
1112	your	_	_	_	_	1111	_	_	start_char=6373|end_char=6377
1113	veins.	_	_	_	_	1112	_	_	start_char=6378|end_char=6384
1114	I	_	_	_	_	1113	_	_	start_char=6385|end_char=6386
1115	have	_	_	_	_	1114	_	_	start_char=6387|end_char=6391
1116	no	_	_	_	_	1115	_	_	start_char=6392|end_char=6394
1117	ambition	_	_	_	_	1116	_	_	start_char=6395|end_char=6403
1118	to	_	_	_	_	1117	_	_	start_char=6404|end_char=6406
1119	lose	_	_	_	_	1118	_	_	start_char=6407|end_char=6411
1120	my	_	_	_	_	1119	_	_	start_char=6412|end_char=6414
1121	life	_	_	_	_	1120	_	_	start_char=6415|end_char=6419
1122	on	_	_	_	_	1121	_	_	start_char=6420|end_char=6422
1123	the	_	_	_	_	1122	_	_	start_char=6423|end_char=6426
1124	post-road	_	_	_	_	1123	_	_	start_char=6427|end_char=6436
1125	between	_	_	_	_	1124	_	_	start_char=6437|end_char=6444
1126	St.	_	_	_	_	1125	_	_	start_char=6445|end_char=6448
1127	Petersburgh	_	_	_	_	1126	_	_	start_char=6449|end_char=6460
1128	and	_	_	_	_	1127	_	_	start_char=6461|end_char=6464
1129	Archangel.	_	_	_	_	1128	_	_	start_char=6465|end_char=6475
1130	I	_	_	_	_	1129	_	_	start_char=6476|end_char=6477
1131	shall	_	_	_	_	1130	_	_	start_char=6478|end_char=6483
1132	depart	_	_	_	_	1131	_	_	start_char=6484|end_char=6490
1133	for	_	_	_	_	1132	_	_	start_char=6491|end_char=6494
1134	the	_	_	_	_	1133	_	_	start_char=6495|end_char=6498
1135	latter	_	_	_	_	1134	_	_	start_char=6499|end_char=6505
1136	town	_	_	_	_	1135	_	_	start_char=6506|end_char=6510
1137	in	_	_	_	_	1136	_	_	start_char=6511|end_char=6513
1138	a	_	_	_	_	1137	_	_	start_char=6514|end_char=6515
1139	fortnight	_	_	_	_	1138	_	_	start_char=6516|end_char=6525
1140	or	_	_	_	_	1139	_	_	start_char=6526|end_char=6528
1141	three	_	_	_	_	1140	_	_	start_char=6529|end_char=6534
1142	weeks;	_	_	_	_	1141	_	_	start_char=6535|end_char=6541
1143	and	_	_	_	_	1142	_	_	start_char=6542|end_char=6545
1144	my	_	_	_	_	1143	_	_	start_char=6546|end_char=6548
1145	intention	_	_	_	_	1144	_	_	start_char=6549|end_char=6558
1146	is	_	_	_	_	1145	_	_	start_char=6559|end_char=6561
1147	to	_	_	_	_	1146	_	_	start_char=6562|end_char=6564
1148	hire	_	_	_	_	1147	_	_	start_char=6565|end_char=6569
1149	a	_	_	_	_	1148	_	_	start_char=6570|end_char=6571
1150	ship	_	_	_	_	1149	_	_	start_char=6572|end_char=6576
1151	there,	_	_	_	_	1150	_	_	start_char=6577|end_char=6583
1152	which	_	_	_	_	1151	_	_	start_char=6584|end_char=6589
1153	can	_	_	_	_	1152	_	_	start_char=6590|end_char=6593
1154	easily	_	_	_	_	1153	_	_	start_char=6594|end_char=6600
1155	be	_	_	_	_	1154	_	_	start_char=6601|end_char=6603
1156	done	_	_	_	_	1155	_	_	start_char=6604|end_char=6608
1157	by	_	_	_	_	1156	_	_	start_char=6609|end_char=6611
1158	paying	_	_	_	_	1157	_	_	start_char=6612|end_char=6618
1159	the	_	_	_	_	1158	_	_	start_char=6619|end_char=6622
1160	insurance	_	_	_	_	1159	_	_	start_char=6623|end_char=6632
1161	for	_	_	_	_	1160	_	_	start_char=6633|end_char=6636
1162	the	_	_	_	_	1161	_	_	start_char=6637|end_char=6640
1163	owner,	_	_	_	_	1162	_	_	start_char=6641|end_char=6647
1164	and	_	_	_	_	1163	_	_	start_char=6648|end_char=6651
1165	to	_	_	_	_	1164	_	_	start_char=6652|end_char=6654
1166	engage	_	_	_	_	1165	_	_	start_char=6655|end_char=6661
1167	as	_	_	_	_	1166	_	_	start_char=6662|end_char=6664
1168	many	_	_	_	_	1167	_	_	start_char=6665|end_char=6669
1169	sailors	_	_	_	_	1168	_	_	start_char=6670|end_char=6677
1170	as	_	_	_	_	1169	_	_	start_char=6678|end_char=6680
1171	I	_	_	_	_	1170	_	_	start_char=6681|end_char=6682
1172	think	_	_	_	_	1171	_	_	start_char=6683|end_char=6688
1173	necessary	_	_	_	_	1172	_	_	start_char=6689|end_char=6698
1174	among	_	_	_	_	1173	_	_	start_char=6699|end_char=6704
1175	those	_	_	_	_	1174	_	_	start_char=6705|end_char=6710
1176	who	_	_	_	_	1175	_	_	start_char=6711|end_char=6714
1177	are	_	_	_	_	1176	_	_	start_char=6715|end_char=6718
1178	accustomed	_	_	_	_	1177	_	_	start_char=6719|end_char=6729
1179	to	_	_	_	_	1178	_	_	start_char=6730|end_char=6732
1180	the	_	_	_	_	1179	_	_	start_char=6733|end_char=6736
1181	whale-fishing.	_	_	_	_	1180	_	_	start_char=6737|end_char=6751
1182	I	_	_	_	_	1181	_	_	start_char=6752|end_char=6753
1183	do	_	_	_	_	1182	_	_	start_char=6754|end_char=6756
1184	not	_	_	_	_	1183	_	_	start_char=6757|end_char=6760
1185	intend	_	_	_	_	1184	_	_	start_char=6761|end_char=6767
1186	to	_	_	_	_	1185	_	_	start_char=6768|end_char=6770
1187	sail	_	_	_	_	1186	_	_	start_char=6771|end_char=6775
1188	until	_	_	_	_	1187	_	_	start_char=6776|end_char=6781
1189	the	_	_	_	_	1188	_	_	start_char=6782|end_char=6785
1190	month	_	_	_	_	1189	_	_	start_char=6786|end_char=6791
1191	of	_	_	_	_	1190	_	_	start_char=6792|end_char=6794
1192	June;	_	_	_	_	1191	_	_	start_char=6795|end_char=6800
1193	and	_	_	_	_	1192	_	_	start_char=6801|end_char=6804
1194	when	_	_	_	_	1193	_	_	start_char=6805|end_char=6809
1195	shall	_	_	_	_	1194	_	_	start_char=6810|end_char=6815
1196	I	_	_	_	_	1195	_	_	start_char=6816|end_char=6817
1197	return?	_	_	_	_	1196	_	_	start_char=6818|end_char=6825
1198	Ah,	_	_	_	_	1197	_	_	start_char=6826|end_char=6829
1199	dear	_	_	_	_	1198	_	_	start_char=6830|end_char=6834
1200	sister,	_	_	_	_	1199	_	_	start_char=6835|end_char=6842
1201	how	_	_	_	_	1200	_	_	start_char=6843|end_char=6846
1202	can	_	_	_	_	1201	_	_	start_char=6847|end_char=6850
1203	I	_	_	_	_	1202	_	_	start_char=6851|end_char=6852
1204	answer	_	_	_	_	1203	_	_	start_char=6853|end_char=6859
1205	this	_	_	_	_	1204	_	_	start_char=6860|end_char=6864
1206	question?	_	_	_	_	1205	_	_	start_char=6865|end_char=6874
1207	If	_	_	_	_	1206	_	_	start_char=6875|end_char=6877
1208	I	_	_	_	_	1207	_	_	start_char=6878|end_char=6879
1209	succeed,	_	_	_	_	1208	_	_	start_char=6880|end_char=6888
1210	many,	_	_	_	_	1209	_	_	start_char=6889|end_char=6894
1211	many	_	_	_	_	1210	_	_	start_char=6895|end_char=6899
1212	months,	_	_	_	_	1211	_	_	start_char=6900|end_char=6907
1213	perhaps	_	_	_	_	1212	_	_	start_char=6908|end_char=6915
1214	years,	_	_	_	_	1213	_	_	start_char=6916|end_char=6922
1215	will	_	_	_	_	1214	_	_	start_char=6923|end_char=6927
1216	pass	_	_	_	_	1215	_	_	start_char=6928|end_char=6932
1217	before	_	_	_	_	1216	_	_	start_char=6933|end_char=6939
1218	you	_	_	_	_	1217	_	_	start_char=6940|end_char=6943
1219	and	_	_	_	_	1218	_	_	start_char=6944|end_char=6947
1220	I	_	_	_	_	1219	_	_	start_char=6948|end_char=6949
1221	may	_	_	_	_	1220	_	_	start_char=6950|end_char=6953
1222	meet.	_	_	_	_	1221	_	_	start_char=6954|end_char=6959
1223	If	_	_	_	_	1222	_	_	start_char=6960|end_char=6962
1224	I	_	_	_	_	1223	_	_	start_char=6963|end_char=6964
1225	fail,	_	_	_	_	1224	_	_	start_char=6965|end_char=6970
1226	you	_	_	_	_	1225	_	_	start_char=6971|end_char=6974
1227	will	_	_	_	_	1226	_	_	start_char=6975|end_char=6979
1228	see	_	_	_	_	1227	_	_	start_char=6980|end_char=6983
1229	me	_	_	_	_	1228	_	_	start_char=6984|end_char=6986
1230	again	_	_	_	_	1229	_	_	start_char=6987|end_char=6992
1231	soon,	_	_	_	_	1230	_	_	start_char=6993|end_char=6998
1232	or	_	_	_	_	1231	_	_	start_char=6999|end_char=7001
1233	never.	_	_	_	_	1232	_	_	start_char=7002|end_char=7008
1234	Farewell,	_	_	_	_	1233	_	_	start_char=7009|end_char=7018
1235	my	_	_	_	_	1234	_	_	start_char=7019|end_char=7021
1236	dear,	_	_	_	_	1235	_	_	start_char=7022|end_char=7027
1237	excellent	_	_	_	_	1236	_	_	start_char=7028|end_char=7037
1238	Margaret.	_	_	_	_	1237	_	_	start_char=7038|end_char=7047
1239	Heaven	_	_	_	_	1238	_	_	start_char=7048|end_char=7054
1240	shower	_	_	_	_	1239	_	_	start_char=7055|end_char=7061
1241	down	_	_	_	_	1240	_	_	start_char=7062|end_char=7066
1242	blessings	_	_	_	_	1241	_	_	start_char=7067|end_char=7076
1243	on	_	_	_	_	1242	_	_	start_char=7077|end_char=7079
1244	you,	_	_	_	_	1243	_	_	start_char=7080|end_char=7084
1245	and	_	_	_	_	1244	_	_	start_char=7085|end_char=7088
1246	save	_	_	_	_	1245	_	_	start_char=7089|end_char=7093
1247	me,	_	_	_	_	1246	_	_	start_char=7094|end_char=7097
1248	that	_	_	_	_	1247	_	_	start_char=7098|end_char=7102
1249	I	_	_	_	_	1248	_	_	start_char=7103|end_char=7104
1250	may	_	_	_	_	1249	_	_	start_char=7105|end_char=7108
1251	again	_	_	_	_	1250	_	_	start_char=7109|end_char=7114
1252	and	_	_	_	_	1251	_	_	start_char=7115|end_char=7118
1253	again	_	_	_	_	1252	_	_	start_char=7119|end_char=7124
1254	testify	_	_	_	_	1253	_	_	start_char=7125|end_char=7132
1255	my	_	_	_	_	1254	_	_	start_char=7133|end_char=7135
1256	gratitude	_	_	_	_	1255	_	_	start_char=7136|end_char=7145
1257	for	_	_	_	_	1256	_	_	start_char=7146|end_char=7149
1258	all	_	_	_	_	1257	_	_	start_char=7150|end_char=7153
1259	your	_	_	_	_	1258	_	_	start_char=7154|end_char=7158
1260	love	_	_	_	_	1259	_	_	start_char=7159|end_char=7163
1261	and	_	_	_	_	1260	_	_	start_char=7164|end_char=7167
1262	kindness.	_	_	_	_	1261	_	_	start_char=7168|end_char=7177
1263	Your	_	_	_	_	1262	_	_	start_char=7178|end_char=7182
1264	affectionate	_	_	_	_	1263	_	_	start_char=7183|end_char=7195
1265	brother,	_	_	_	_	1264	_	_	start_char=7196|end_char=7204
1266	R.	_	_	_	_	1265	_	_	start_char=7205|end_char=7207
1267	Walton	_	_	_	_	1266	_	_	start_char=7208|end_char=7214
1268	Letter	_	_	_	_	1267	_	_	start_char=7215|end_char=7221
1269	2	_	_	_	_	1268	_	_	start_char=7222|end_char=7223
1270	_To	_	_	_	_	1269	_	_	start_char=7224|end_char=7227
1271	Mrs.	_	_	_	_	1270	_	_	start_char=7228|end_char=7232
1272	Saville,	_	_	_	_	1271	_	_	start_char=7233|end_char=7241
1273	England._	_	_	_	_	1272	_	_	start_char=7242|end_char=7251
1274	Archangel,	_	_	_	_	1273	_	_	start_char=7252|end_char=7262
1275	28th	_	_	_	_	1274	_	_	start_char=7263|end_char=7267
1276	March,	_	_	_	_	1275	_	_	start_char=7268|end_char=7274
1277	17—.	_	_	_	_	1276	_	_	start_char=7275|end_char=7279
1278	How	_	_	_	_	1277	_	_	start_char=7280|end_char=7283
1279	slowly	_	_	_	_	1278	_	_	start_char=7284|end_char=7290
1280	the	_	_	_	_	1279	_	_	start_char=7291|end_char=7294
1281	time	_	_	_	_	1280	_	_	start_char=7295|end_char=7299
1282	passes	_	_	_	_	1281	_	_	start_char=7300|end_char=7306
1283	here,	_	_	_	_	1282	_	_	start_char=7307|end_char=7312
1284	encompassed	_	_	_	_	1283	_	_	start_char=7313|end_char=7324
1285	as	_	_	_	_	1284	_	_	start_char=7325|end_char=7327
1286	I	_	_	_	_	1285	_	_	start_char=7328|end_char=7329
1287	am	_	_	_	_	1286	_	_	start_char=7330|end_char=7332
1288	by	_	_	_	_	1287	_	_	start_char=7333|end_char=7335
1289	frost	_	_	_	_	1288	_	_	start_char=7336|end_char=7341
1290	and	_	_	_	_	1289	_	_	start_char=7342|end_char=7345
1291	snow!	_	_	_	_	1290	_	_	start_char=7346|end_char=7351
1292	Yet	_	_	_	_	1291	_	_	start_char=7352|end_char=7355
1293	a	_	_	_	_	1292	_	_	start_char=7356|end_char=7357
1294	second	_	_	_	_	1293	_	_	start_char=7358|end_char=7364
1295	step	_	_	_	_	1294	_	_	start_char=7365|end_char=7369
1296	is	_	_	_	_	1295	_	_	start_char=7370|end_char=7372
1297	taken	_	_	_	_	1296	_	_	start_char=7373|end_char=7378
1298	towards	_	_	_	_	1297	_	_	start_char=7379|end_char=7386
1299	my	_	_	_	_	1298	_	_	start_char=7387|end_char=7389
1300	enterprise.	_	_	_	_	1299	_	_	start_char=7390|end_char=7401
1301	I	_	_	_	_	1300	_	_	start_char=7402|end_char=7403
1302	have	_	_	_	_	1301	_	_	start_char=7404|end_char=7408
1303	hired	_	_	_	_	1302	_	_	start_char=7409|end_char=7414
1304	a	_	_	_	_	1303	_	_	start_char=7415|end_char=7416
1305	vessel	_	_	_	_	1304	_	_	start_char=7417|end_char=7423
1306	and	_	_	_	_	1305	_	_	start_char=7424|end_char=7427
1307	am	_	_	_	_	1306	_	_	start_char=7428|end_char=7430
1308	occupied	_	_	_	_	1307	_	_	start_char=7431|end_char=7439
1309	in	_	_	_	_	1308	_	_	start_char=7440|end_char=7442
1310	collecting	_	_	_	_	1309	_	_	start_char=7443|end_char=7453
1311	my	_	_	_	_	1310	_	_	start_char=7454|end_char=7456
1312	sailors;	_	_	_	_	1311	_	_	start_char=7457|end_char=7465
1313	those	_	_	_	_	1312	_	_	start_char=7466|end_char=7471
1314	whom	_	_	_	_	1313	_	_	start_char=7472|end_char=7476
1315	I	_	_	_	_	1314	_	_	start_char=7477|end_char=7478
1316	have	_	_	_	_	1315	_	_	start_char=7479|end_char=7483
1317	already	_	_	_	_	1316	_	_	start_char=7484|end_char=7491
1318	engaged	_	_	_	_	1317	_	_	start_char=7492|end_char=7499
1319	appear	_	_	_	_	1318	_	_	start_char=7500|end_char=7506
1320	to	_	_	_	_	1319	_	_	start_char=7507|end_char=7509
1321	be	_	_	_	_	1320	_	_	start_char=7510|end_char=7512
1322	men	_	_	_	_	1321	_	_	start_char=7513|end_char=7516
1323	on	_	_	_	_	1322	_	_	start_char=7517|end_char=7519
1324	whom	_	_	_	_	1323	_	_	start_char=7520|end_char=7524
1325	I	_	_	_	_	1324	_	_	start_char=7525|end_char=7526
1326	can	_	_	_	_	1325	_	_	start_char=7527|end_char=7530
1327	depend	_	_	_	_	1326	_	_	start_char=7531|end_char=7537
1328	and	_	_	_	_	1327	_	_	start_char=7538|end_char=7541
1329	are	_	_	_	_	1328	_	_	start_char=7542|end_char=7545
1330	certainly	_	_	_	_	1329	_	_	start_char=7546|end_char=7555
1331	possessed	_	_	_	_	1330	_	_	start_char=7556|end_char=7565
1332	of	_	_	_	_	1331	_	_	start_char=7566|end_char=7568
1333	dauntless	_	_	_	_	1332	_	_	start_char=7569|end_char=7578
1334	courage.	_	_	_	_	1333	_	_	start_char=7579|end_char=7587
1335	But	_	_	_	_	1334	_	_	start_char=7588|end_char=7591
1336	I	_	_	_	_	1335	_	_	start_char=7592|end_char=7593
1337	have	_	_	_	_	1336	_	_	start_char=7594|end_char=7598
1338	one	_	_	_	_	1337	_	_	start_char=7599|end_char=7602
1339	want	_	_	_	_	1338	_	_	start_char=7603|end_char=7607
1340	which	_	_	_	_	1339	_	_	start_char=7608|end_char=7613
1341	I	_	_	_	_	1340	_	_	start_char=7614|end_char=7615
1342	have	_	_	_	_	1341	_	_	start_char=7616|end_char=7620
1343	never	_	_	_	_	1342	_	_	start_char=7621|end_char=7626
1344	yet	_	_	_	_	1343	_	_	start_char=7627|end_char=7630
1345	been	_	_	_	_	1344	_	_	start_char=7631|end_char=7635
1346	able	_	_	_	_	1345	_	_	start_char=7636|end_char=7640
1347	to	_	_	_	_	1346	_	_	start_char=7641|end_char=7643
1348	satisfy,	_	_	_	_	1347	_	_	start_char=7644|end_char=7652
1349	and	_	_	_	_	1348	_	_	start_char=7653|end_char=7656
1350	the	_	_	_	_	1349	_	_	start_char=7657|end_char=7660
1351	absence	_	_	_	_	1350	_	_	start_char=7661|end_char=7668
1352	of	_	_	_	_	1351	_	_	start_char=7669|end_char=7671
1353	the	_	_	_	_	1352	_	_	start_char=7672|end_char=7675
1354	object	_	_	_	_	1353	_	_	start_char=7676|end_char=7682
1355	of	_	_	_	_	1354	_	_	start_char=7683|end_char=7685
1356	which	_	_	_	_	1355	_	_	start_char=7686|end_char=7691
1357	I	_	_	_	_	1356	_	_	start_char=7692|end_char=7693
1358	now	_	_	_	_	1357	_	_	start_char=7694|end_char=7697
1359	feel	_	_	_	_	1358	_	_	start_char=7698|end_char=7702
1360	as	_	_	_	_	1359	_	_	start_char=7703|end_char=7705
1361	a	_	_	_	_	1360	_	_	start_char=7706|end_char=7707
1362	most	_	_	_	_	1361	_	_	start_char=7708|end_char=7712
1363	severe	_	_	_	_	1362	_	_	start_char=7713|end_char=7719
1364	evil,	_	_	_	_	1363	_	_	start_char=7720|end_char=7725
1365	I	_	_	_	_	1364	_	_	start_char=7726|end_char=7727
1366	have	_	_	_	_	1365	_	_	start_char=7728|end_char=7732
1367	no	_	_	_	_	1366	_	_	start_char=7733|end_char=7735
1368	friend,	_	_	_	_	1367	_	_	start_char=7736|end_char=7743
1369	Margaret:	_	_	_	_	1368	_	_	start_char=7744|end_char=7753
1370	when	_	_	_	_	1369	_	_	start_char=7754|end_char=7758
1371	I	_	_	_	_	1370	_	_	start_char=7759|end_char=7760
1372	am	_	_	_	_	1371	_	_	start_char=7761|end_char=7763
1373	glowing	_	_	_	_	1372	_	_	start_char=7764|end_char=7771
1374	with	_	_	_	_	1373	_	_	start_char=7772|end_char=7776
1375	the	_	_	_	_	1374	_	_	start_char=7777|end_char=7780
1376	enthusiasm	_	_	_	_	1375	_	_	start_char=7781|end_char=7791
1377	of	_	_	_	_	1376	_	_	start_char=7792|end_char=7794
1378	success,	_	_	_	_	1377	_	_	start_char=7795|end_char=7803
1379	there	_	_	_	_	1378	_	_	start_char=7804|end_char=7809
1380	will	_	_	_	_	1379	_	_	start_char=7810|end_char=7814
1381	be	_	_	_	_	1380	_	_	start_char=7815|end_char=7817
1382	none	_	_	_	_	1381	_	_	start_char=7818|end_char=7822
1383	to	_	_	_	_	1382	_	_	start_char=7823|end_char=7825
1384	participate	_	_	_	_	1383	_	_	start_char=7826|end_char=7837
1385	my	_	_	_	_	1384	_	_	start_char=7838|end_char=7840
1386	joy;	_	_	_	_	1385	_	_	start_char=7841|end_char=7845
1387	if	_	_	_	_	1386	_	_	start_char=7846|end_char=7848
1388	I	_	_	_	_	1387	_	_	start_char=7849|end_char=7850
1389	am	_	_	_	_	1388	_	_	start_char=7851|end_char=7853
1390	assailed	_	_	_	_	1389	_	_	start_char=7854|end_char=7862
1391	by	_	_	_	_	1390	_	_	start_char=7863|end_char=7865
1392	disappointment,	_	_	_	_	1391	_	_	start_char=7866|end_char=7881
1393	no	_	_	_	_	1392	_	_	start_char=7882|end_char=7884
1394	one	_	_	_	_	1393	_	_	start_char=7885|end_char=7888
1395	will	_	_	_	_	1394	_	_	start_char=7889|end_char=7893
1396	endeavour	_	_	_	_	1395	_	_	start_char=7894|end_char=7903
1397	to	_	_	_	_	1396	_	_	start_char=7904|end_char=7906
1398	sustain	_	_	_	_	1397	_	_	start_char=7907|end_char=7914
1399	me	_	_	_	_	1398	_	_	start_char=7915|end_char=7917
1400	in	_	_	_	_	1399	_	_	start_char=7918|end_char=7920
1401	dejection.	_	_	_	_	1400	_	_	start_char=7921|end_char=7931
1402	I	_	_	_	_	1401	_	_	start_char=7932|end_char=7933
1403	shall	_	_	_	_	1402	_	_	start_char=7934|end_char=7939
1404	commit	_	_	_	_	1403	_	_	start_char=7940|end_char=7946
1405	my	_	_	_	_	1404	_	_	start_char=7947|end_char=7949
1406	thoughts	_	_	_	_	1405	_	_	start_char=7950|end_char=7958
1407	to	_	_	_	_	1406	_	_	start_char=7959|end_char=7961
1408	paper,	_	_	_	_	1407	_	_	start_char=7962|end_char=7968
1409	it	_	_	_	_	1408	_	_	start_char=7969|end_char=7971
1410	is	_	_	_	_	1409	_	_	start_char=7972|end_char=7974
1411	true;	_	_	_	_	1410	_	_	start_char=7975|end_char=7980
1412	but	_	_	_	_	1411	_	_	start_char=7981|end_char=7984
1413	that	_	_	_	_	1412	_	_	start_char=7985|end_char=7989
1414	is	_	_	_	_	1413	_	_	start_char=7990|end_char=7992
1415	a	_	_	_	_	1414	_	_	start_char=7993|end_char=7994
1416	poor	_	_	_	_	1415	_	_	start_char=7995|end_char=7999
1417	medium	_	_	_	_	1416	_	_	start_char=8000|end_char=8006
1418	for	_	_	_	_	1417	_	_	start_char=8007|end_char=8010
1419	the	_	_	_	_	1418	_	_	start_char=8011|end_char=8014
1420	communication	_	_	_	_	1419	_	_	start_char=8015|end_char=8028
1421	of	_	_	_	_	1420	_	_	start_char=8029|end_char=8031
1422	feeling.	_	_	_	_	1421	_	_	start_char=8032|end_char=8040
1423	I	_	_	_	_	1422	_	_	start_char=8041|end_char=8042
1424	desire	_	_	_	_	1423	_	_	start_char=8043|end_char=8049
1425	the	_	_	_	_	1424	_	_	start_char=8050|end_char=8053
1426	company	_	_	_	_	1425	_	_	start_char=8054|end_char=8061
1427	of	_	_	_	_	1426	_	_	start_char=8062|end_char=8064
1428	a	_	_	_	_	1427	_	_	start_char=8065|end_char=8066
1429	man	_	_	_	_	1428	_	_	start_char=8067|end_char=8070
1430	who	_	_	_	_	1429	_	_	start_char=8071|end_char=8074
1431	could	_	_	_	_	1430	_	_	start_char=8075|end_char=8080
1432	sympathise	_	_	_	_	1431	_	_	start_char=8081|end_char=8091
1433	with	_	_	_	_	1432	_	_	start_char=8092|end_char=8096
1434	me,	_	_	_	_	1433	_	_	start_char=8097|end_char=8100
1435	whose	_	_	_	_	1434	_	_	start_char=8101|end_char=8106
1436	eyes	_	_	_	_	1435	_	_	start_char=8107|end_char=8111
1437	would	_	_	_	_	1436	_	_	start_char=8112|end_char=8117
1438	reply	_	_	_	_	1437	_	_	start_char=8118|end_char=8123
1439	to	_	_	_	_	1438	_	_	start_char=8124|end_char=8126
1440	mine.	_	_	_	_	1439	_	_	start_char=8127|end_char=8132
1441	You	_	_	_	_	1440	_	_	start_char=8133|end_char=8136
1442	may	_	_	_	_	1441	_	_	start_char=8137|end_char=8140
1443	deem	_	_	_	_	1442	_	_	start_char=8141|end_char=8145
1444	me	_	_	_	_	1443	_	_	start_char=8146|end_char=8148
1445	romantic,	_	_	_	_	1444	_	_	start_char=8149|end_char=8158
1446	my	_	_	_	_	1445	_	_	start_char=8159|end_char=8161
1447	dear	_	_	_	_	1446	_	_	start_char=8162|end_char=8166
1448	sister,	_	_	_	_	1447	_	_	start_char=8167|end_char=8174
1449	but	_	_	_	_	1448	_	_	start_char=8175|end_char=8178
1450	I	_	_	_	_	1449	_	_	start_char=8179|end_char=8180
1451	bitterly	_	_	_	_	1450	_	_	start_char=8181|end_char=8189
1452	feel	_	_	_	_	1451	_	_	start_char=8190|end_char=8194
1453	the	_	_	_	_	1452	_	_	start_char=8195|end_char=8198
1454	want	_	_	_	_	1453	_	_	start_char=8199|end_char=8203
1455	of	_	_	_	_	1454	_	_	start_char=8204|end_char=8206
1456	a	_	_	_	_	1455	_	_	start_char=8207|end_char=8208
1457	friend.	_	_	_	_	1456	_	_	start_char=8209|end_char=8216
1458	I	_	_	_	_	1457	_	_	start_char=8217|end_char=8218
1459	have	_	_	_	_	1458	_	_	start_char=8219|end_char=8223
1460	no	_	_	_	_	1459	_	_	start_char=8224|end_char=8226
1461	one	_	_	_	_	1460	_	_	start_char=8227|end_char=8230
1462	near	_	_	_	_	1461	_	_	start_char=8231|end_char=8235
1463	me,	_	_	_	_	1462	_	_	start_char=8236|end_char=8239
1464	gentle	_	_	_	_	1463	_	_	start_char=8240|end_char=8246
1465	yet	_	_	_	_	1464	_	_	start_char=8247|end_char=8250
1466	courageous,	_	_	_	_	1465	_	_	start_char=8251|end_char=8262
1467	possessed	_	_	_	_	1466	_	_	start_char=8263|end_char=8272
1468	of	_	_	_	_	1467	_	_	start_char=8273|end_char=8275
1469	a	_	_	_	_	1468	_	_	start_char=8276|end_char=8277
1470	cultivated	_	_	_	_	1469	_	_	start_char=8278|end_char=8288
1471	as	_	_	_	_	1470	_	_	start_char=8289|end_char=8291
1472	well	_	_	_	_	1471	_	_	start_char=8292|end_char=8296
1473	as	_	_	_	_	1472	_	_	start_char=8297|end_char=8299
1474	of	_	_	_	_	1473	_	_	start_char=8300|end_char=8302
1475	a	_	_	_	_	1474	_	_	start_char=8303|end_char=8304
1476	capacious	_	_	_	_	1475	_	_	start_char=8305|end_char=8314
1477	mind,	_	_	_	_	1476	_	_	start_char=8315|end_char=8320
1478	whose	_	_	_	_	1477	_	_	start_char=8321|end_char=8326
1479	tastes	_	_	_	_	1478	_	_	start_char=8327|end_char=8333
1480	are	_	_	_	_	1479	_	_	start_char=8334|end_char=8337
1481	like	_	_	_	_	1480	_	_	start_char=8338|end_char=8342
1482	my	_	_	_	_	1481	_	_	start_char=8343|end_char=8345
1483	own,	_	_	_	_	1482	_	_	start_char=8346|end_char=8350
1484	to	_	_	_	_	1483	_	_	start_char=8351|end_char=8353
1485	approve	_	_	_	_	1484	_	_	start_char=8354|end_char=8361
1486	or	_	_	_	_	1485	_	_	start_char=8362|end_char=8364
1487	amend	_	_	_	_	1486	_	_	start_char=8365|end_char=8370
1488	my	_	_	_	_	1487	_	_	start_char=8371|end_char=8373
1489	plans.	_	_	_	_	1488	_	_	start_char=8374|end_char=8380
1490	How	_	_	_	_	1489	_	_	start_char=8381|end_char=8384
1491	would	_	_	_	_	1490	_	_	start_char=8385|end_char=8390
1492	such	_	_	_	_	1491	_	_	start_char=8391|end_char=8395
1493	a	_	_	_	_	1492	_	_	start_char=8396|end_char=8397
1494	friend	_	_	_	_	1493	_	_	start_char=8398|end_char=8404
1495	repair	_	_	_	_	1494	_	_	start_char=8405|end_char=8411
1496	the	_	_	_	_	1495	_	_	start_char=8412|end_char=8415
1497	faults	_	_	_	_	1496	_	_	start_char=8416|end_char=8422
1498	of	_	_	_	_	1497	_	_	start_char=8423|end_char=8425
1499	your	_	_	_	_	1498	_	_	start_char=8426|end_char=8430
1500	poor	_	_	_	_	1499	_	_	start_char=8431|end_char=8435
1501	brother!	_	_	_	_	1500	_	_	start_char=8436|end_char=8444
1502	I	_	_	_	_	1501	_	_	start_char=8445|end_char=8446
1503	am	_	_	_	_	1502	_	_	start_char=8447|end_char=8449
1504	too	_	_	_	_	1503	_	_	start_char=8450|end_char=8453
1505	ardent	_	_	_	_	1504	_	_	start_char=8454|end_char=8460
1506	in	_	_	_	_	1505	_	_	start_char=8461|end_char=8463
1507	execution	_	_	_	_	1506	_	_	start_char=8464|end_char=8473
1508	and	_	_	_	_	1507	_	_	start_char=8474|end_char=8477
1509	too	_	_	_	_	1508	_	_	start_char=8478|end_char=8481
1510	impatient	_	_	_	_	1509	_	_	start_char=8482|end_char=8491
1511	of	_	_	_	_	1510	_	_	start_char=8492|end_char=8494
1512	difficulties.	_	_	_	_	1511	_	_	start_char=8495|end_char=8508
1513	But	_	_	_	_	1512	_	_	start_char=8509|end_char=8512
1514	it	_	_	_	_	1513	_	_	start_char=8513|end_char=8515
1515	is	_	_	_	_	1514	_	_	start_char=8516|end_char=8518
1516	a	_	_	_	_	1515	_	_	start_char=8519|end_char=8520
1517	still	_	_	_	_	1516	_	_	start_char=8521|end_char=8526
1518	greater	_	_	_	_	1517	_	_	start_char=8527|end_char=8534
1519	evil	_	_	_	_	1518	_	_	start_char=8535|end_char=8539
1520	to	_	_	_	_	1519	_	_	start_char=8540|end_char=8542
1521	me	_	_	_	_	1520	_	_	start_char=8543|end_char=8545
1522	that	_	_	_	_	1521	_	_	start_char=8546|end_char=8550
1523	I	_	_	_	_	1522	_	_	start_char=8551|end_char=8552
1524	am	_	_	_	_	1523	_	_	start_char=8553|end_char=8555
1525	self-educated:	_	_	_	_	1524	_	_	start_char=8556|end_char=8570
1526	for	_	_	_	_	1525	_	_	start_char=8571|end_char=8574
1527	the	_	_	_	_	1526	_	_	start_char=8575|end_char=8578
1528	first	_	_	_	_	1527	_	_	start_char=8579|end_char=8584
1529	fourteen	_	_	_	_	1528	_	_	start_char=8585|end_char=8593
1530	years	_	_	_	_	1529	_	_	start_char=8594|end_char=8599
1531	of	_	_	_	_	1530	_	_	start_char=8600|end_char=8602
1532	my	_	_	_	_	1531	_	_	start_char=8603|end_char=8605
1533	life	_	_	_	_	1532	_	_	start_char=8606|end_char=8610
1534	I	_	_	_	_	1533	_	_	start_char=8611|end_char=8612
1535	ran	_	_	_	_	1534	_	_	start_char=8613|end_char=8616
1536	wild	_	_	_	_	1535	_	_	start_char=8617|end_char=8621
1537	on	_	_	_	_	1536	_	_	start_char=8622|end_char=8624
1538	a	_	_	_	_	1537	_	_	start_char=8625|end_char=8626
1539	common	_	_	_	_	1538	_	_	start_char=8627|end_char=8633
1540	and	_	_	_	_	1539	_	_	start_char=8634|end_char=8637
1541	read	_	_	_	_	1540	_	_	start_char=8638|end_char=8642
1542	nothing	_	_	_	_	1541	_	_	start_char=8643|end_char=8650
1543	but	_	_	_	_	1542	_	_	start_char=8651|end_char=8654
1544	our	_	_	_	_	1543	_	_	start_char=8655|end_char=8658
1545	Uncle	_	_	_	_	1544	_	_	start_char=8659|end_char=8664
1546	Thomas’	_	_	_	_	1545	_	_	start_char=8665|end_char=8672
1547	books	_	_	_	_	1546	_	_	start_char=8673|end_char=8678
1548	of	_	_	_	_	1547	_	_	start_char=8679|end_char=8681
1549	voyages.	_	_	_	_	1548	_	_	start_char=8682|end_char=8690
1550	At	_	_	_	_	1549	_	_	start_char=8691|end_char=8693
1551	that	_	_	_	_	1550	_	_	start_char=8694|end_char=8698
1552	age	_	_	_	_	1551	_	_	start_char=8699|end_char=8702
1553	I	_	_	_	_	1552	_	_	start_char=8703|end_char=8704
1554	became	_	_	_	_	1553	_	_	start_char=8705|end_char=8711
1555	acquainted	_	_	_	_	1554	_	_	start_char=8712|end_char=8722
1556	with	_	_	_	_	1555	_	_	start_char=8723|end_char=8727
1557	the	_	_	_	_	1556	_	_	start_char=8728|end_char=8731
1558	celebrated	_	_	_	_	1557	_	_	start_char=8732|end_char=8742
1559	poets	_	_	_	_	1558	_	_	start_char=8743|end_char=8748
1560	of	_	_	_	_	1559	_	_	start_char=8749|end_char=8751
1561	our	_	_	_	_	1560	_	_	start_char=8752|end_char=8755
1562	own	_	_	_	_	1561	_	_	start_char=8756|end_char=8759
1563	country;	_	_	_	_	1562	_	_	start_char=8760|end_char=8768
1564	but	_	_	_	_	1563	_	_	start_char=8769|end_char=8772
1565	it	_	_	_	_	1564	_	_	start_char=8773|end_char=8775
1566	was	_	_	_	_	1565	_	_	start_char=8776|end_char=8779
1567	only	_	_	_	_	1566	_	_	start_char=8780|end_char=8784
1568	when	_	_	_	_	1567	_	_	start_char=8785|end_char=8789
1569	it	_	_	_	_	1568	_	_	start_char=8790|end_char=8792
1570	had	_	_	_	_	1569	_	_	start_char=8793|end_char=8796
1571	ceased	_	_	_	_	1570	_	_	start_char=8797|end_char=8803
1572	to	_	_	_	_	1571	_	_	start_char=8804|end_char=8806
1573	be	_	_	_	_	1572	_	_	start_char=8807|end_char=8809
1574	in	_	_	_	_	1573	_	_	start_char=8810|end_char=8812
1575	my	_	_	_	_	1574	_	_	start_char=8813|end_char=8815
1576	power	_	_	_	_	1575	_	_	start_char=8816|end_char=8821
1577	to	_	_	_	_	1576	_	_	start_char=8822|end_char=8824
1578	derive	_	_	_	_	1577	_	_	start_char=8825|end_char=8831
1579	its	_	_	_	_	1578	_	_	start_char=8832|end_char=8835
1580	most	_	_	_	_	1579	_	_	start_char=8836|end_char=8840
1581	important	_	_	_	_	1580	_	_	start_char=8841|end_char=8850
1582	benefits	_	_	_	_	1581	_	_	start_char=8851|end_char=8859
1583	from	_	_	_	_	1582	_	_	start_char=8860|end_char=8864
1584	such	_	_	_	_	1583	_	_	start_char=8865|end_char=8869
1585	a	_	_	_	_	1584	_	_	start_char=8870|end_char=8871
1586	conviction	_	_	_	_	1585	_	_	start_char=8872|end_char=8882
1587	that	_	_	_	_	1586	_	_	start_char=8883|end_char=8887
1588	I	_	_	_	_	1587	_	_	start_char=8888|end_char=8889
1589	perceived	_	_	_	_	1588	_	_	start_char=8890|end_char=8899
1590	the	_	_	_	_	1589	_	_	start_char=8900|end_char=8903
1591	necessity	_	_	_	_	1590	_	_	start_char=8904|end_char=8913
1592	of	_	_	_	_	1591	_	_	start_char=8914|end_char=8916
1593	becoming	_	_	_	_	1592	_	_	start_char=8917|end_char=8925
1594	acquainted	_	_	_	_	1593	_	_	start_char=8926|end_char=8936
1595	with	_	_	_	_	1594	_	_	start_char=8937|end_char=8941
1596	more	_	_	_	_	1595	_	_	start_char=8942|end_char=8946
1597	languages	_	_	_	_	1596	_	_	start_char=8947|end_char=8956
1598	than	_	_	_	_	1597	_	_	start_char=8957|end_char=8961
1599	that	_	_	_	_	1598	_	_	start_char=8962|end_char=8966
1600	of	_	_	_	_	1599	_	_	start_char=8967|end_char=8969
1601	my	_	_	_	_	1600	_	_	start_char=8970|end_char=8972
1602	native	_	_	_	_	1601	_	_	start_char=8973|end_char=8979
1603	country.	_	_	_	_	1602	_	_	start_char=8980|end_char=8988
1604	Now	_	_	_	_	1603	_	_	start_char=8989|end_char=8992
1605	I	_	_	_	_	1604	_	_	start_char=8993|end_char=8994
1606	am	_	_	_	_	1605	_	_	start_char=8995|end_char=8997
1607	twenty-eight	_	_	_	_	1606	_	_	start_char=8998|end_char=9010
1608	and	_	_	_	_	1607	_	_	start_char=9011|end_char=9014
1609	am	_	_	_	_	1608	_	_	start_char=9015|end_char=9017
1610	in	_	_	_	_	1609	_	_	start_char=9018|end_char=9020
1611	reality	_	_	_	_	1610	_	_	start_char=9021|end_char=9028
1612	more	_	_	_	_	1611	_	_	start_char=9029|end_char=9033
1613	illiterate	_	_	_	_	1612	_	_	start_char=9034|end_char=9044
1614	than	_	_	_	_	1613	_	_	start_char=9045|end_char=9049
1615	many	_	_	_	_	1614	_	_	start_char=9050|end_char=9054
1616	schoolboys	_	_	_	_	1615	_	_	start_char=9055|end_char=9065
1617	of	_	_	_	_	1616	_	_	start_char=9066|end_char=9068
1618	fifteen.	_	_	_	_	1617	_	_	start_char=9069|end_char=9077
1619	It	_	_	_	_	1618	_	_	start_char=9078|end_char=9080
1620	is	_	_	_	_	1619	_	_	start_char=9081|end_char=9083
1621	true	_	_	_	_	1620	_	_	start_char=9084|end_char=9088
1622	that	_	_	_	_	1621	_	_	start_char=9089|end_char=9093
1623	I	_	_	_	_	1622	_	_	start_char=9094|end_char=9095
1624	have	_	_	_	_	1623	_	_	start_char=9096|end_char=9100
1625	thought	_	_	_	_	1624	_	_	start_char=9101|end_char=9108
1626	more	_	_	_	_	1625	_	_	start_char=9109|end_char=9113
1627	and	_	_	_	_	1626	_	_	start_char=9114|end_char=9117
1628	that	_	_	_	_	1627	_	_	start_char=9118|end_char=9122
1629	my	_	_	_	_	1628	_	_	start_char=9123|end_char=9125
1630	daydreams	_	_	_	_	1629	_	_	start_char=9126|end_char=9135
1631	are	_	_	_	_	1630	_	_	start_char=9136|end_char=9139
1632	more	_	_	_	_	1631	_	_	start_char=9140|end_char=9144
1633	extended	_	_	_	_	1632	_	_	start_char=9145|end_char=9153
1634	and	_	_	_	_	1633	_	_	start_char=9154|end_char=9157
1635	magnificent,	_	_	_	_	1634	_	_	start_char=9158|end_char=9170
1636	but	_	_	_	_	1635	_	_	start_char=9171|end_char=9174
1637	they	_	_	_	_	1636	_	_	start_char=9175|end_char=9179
1638	want	_	_	_	_	1637	_	_	start_char=9180|end_char=9184
1639	(as	_	_	_	_	1638	_	_	start_char=9185|end_char=9188
1640	the	_	_	_	_	1639	_	_	start_char=9189|end_char=9192
1641	painters	_	_	_	_	1640	_	_	start_char=9193|end_char=9201
1642	call	_	_	_	_	1641	_	_	start_char=9202|end_char=9206
1643	it)	_	_	_	_	1642	_	_	start_char=9207|end_char=9210
1644	_keeping;_	_	_	_	_	1643	_	_	start_char=9211|end_char=9221
1645	and	_	_	_	_	1644	_	_	start_char=9222|end_char=9225
1646	I	_	_	_	_	1645	_	_	start_char=9226|end_char=9227
1647	greatly	_	_	_	_	1646	_	_	start_char=9228|end_char=9235
1648	need	_	_	_	_	1647	_	_	start_char=9236|end_char=9240
1649	a	_	_	_	_	1648	_	_	start_char=9241|end_char=9242
1650	friend	_	_	_	_	1649	_	_	start_char=9243|end_char=9249
1651	who	_	_	_	_	1650	_	_	start_char=9250|end_char=9253
1652	would	_	_	_	_	1651	_	_	start_char=9254|end_char=9259
1653	have	_	_	_	_	1652	_	_	start_char=9260|end_char=9264
1654	sense	_	_	_	_	1653	_	_	start_char=9265|end_char=9270
1655	enough	_	_	_	_	1654	_	_	start_char=9271|end_char=9277
1656	not	_	_	_	_	1655	_	_	start_char=9278|end_char=9281
1657	to	_	_	_	_	1656	_	_	start_char=9282|end_char=9284
1658	despise	_	_	_	_	1657	_	_	start_char=9285|end_char=9292
1659	me	_	_	_	_	1658	_	_	start_char=9293|end_char=9295
1660	as	_	_	_	_	1659	_	_	start_char=9296|end_char=9298
1661	romantic,	_	_	_	_	1660	_	_	start_char=9299|end_char=9308
1662	and	_	_	_	_	1661	_	_	start_char=9309|end_char=9312
1663	affection	_	_	_	_	1662	_	_	start_char=9313|end_char=9322
1664	enough	_	_	_	_	1663	_	_	start_char=9323|end_char=9329
1665	for	_	_	_	_	1664	_	_	start_char=9330|end_char=9333
1666	me	_	_	_	_	1665	_	_	start_char=9334|end_char=9336
1667	to	_	_	_	_	1666	_	_	start_char=9337|end_char=9339
1668	endeavour	_	_	_	_	1667	_	_	start_char=9340|end_char=9349
1669	to	_	_	_	_	1668	_	_	start_char=9350|end_char=9352
1670	regulate	_	_	_	_	1669	_	_	start_char=9353|end_char=9361
1671	my	_	_	_	_	1670	_	_	start_char=9362|end_char=9364
1672	mind.	_	_	_	_	1671	_	_	start_char=9365|end_char=9370
1673	Well,	_	_	_	_	1672	_	_	start_char=9371|end_char=9376
1674	these	_	_	_	_	1673	_	_	start_char=9377|end_char=9382
1675	are	_	_	_	_	1674	_	_	start_char=9383|end_char=9386
1676	useless	_	_	_	_	1675	_	_	start_char=9387|end_char=9394
1677	complaints;	_	_	_	_	1676	_	_	start_char=9395|end_char=9406
1678	I	_	_	_	_	1677	_	_	start_char=9407|end_char=9408
1679	shall	_	_	_	_	1678	_	_	start_char=9409|end_char=9414
1680	certainly	_	_	_	_	1679	_	_	start_char=9415|end_char=9424
1681	find	_	_	_	_	1680	_	_	start_char=9425|end_char=9429
1682	no	_	_	_	_	1681	_	_	start_char=9430|end_char=9432
1683	friend	_	_	_	_	1682	_	_	start_char=9433|end_char=9439
1684	on	_	_	_	_	1683	_	_	start_char=9440|end_char=9442
1685	the	_	_	_	_	1684	_	_	start_char=9443|end_char=9446
1686	wide	_	_	_	_	1685	_	_	start_char=9447|end_char=9451
1687	ocean,	_	_	_	_	1686	_	_	start_char=9452|end_char=9458
1688	nor	_	_	_	_	1687	_	_	start_char=9459|end_char=9462
1689	even	_	_	_	_	1688	_	_	start_char=9463|end_char=9467
1690	here	_	_	_	_	1689	_	_	start_char=9468|end_char=9472
1691	in	_	_	_	_	1690	_	_	start_char=9473|end_char=9475
1692	Archangel,	_	_	_	_	1691	_	_	start_char=9476|end_char=9486
1693	among	_	_	_	_	1692	_	_	start_char=9487|end_char=9492
1694	merchants	_	_	_	_	1693	_	_	start_char=9493|end_char=9502
1695	and	_	_	_	_	1694	_	_	start_char=9503|end_char=9506
1696	seamen.	_	_	_	_	1695	_	_	start_char=9507|end_char=9514
1697	Yet	_	_	_	_	1696	_	_	start_char=9515|end_char=9518
1698	some	_	_	_	_	1697	_	_	start_char=9519|end_char=9523
1699	feelings,	_	_	_	_	1698	_	_	start_char=9524|end_char=9533
1700	unallied	_	_	_	_	1699	_	_	start_char=9534|end_char=9542
1701	to	_	_	_	_	1700	_	_	start_char=9543|end_char=9545
1702	the	_	_	_	_	1701	_	_	start_char=9546|end_char=9549
1703	dross	_	_	_	_	1702	_	_	start_char=9550|end_char=9555
1704	of	_	_	_	_	1703	_	_	start_char=9556|end_char=9558
1705	human	_	_	_	_	1704	_	_	start_char=9559|end_char=9564
1706	nature,	_	_	_	_	1705	_	_	start_char=9565|end_char=9572
1707	beat	_	_	_	_	1706	_	_	start_char=9573|end_char=9577
1708	even	_	_	_	_	1707	_	_	start_char=9578|end_char=9582
1709	in	_	_	_	_	1708	_	_	start_char=9583|end_char=9585
1710	these	_	_	_	_	1709	_	_	start_char=9586|end_char=9591
1711	rugged	_	_	_	_	1710	_	_	start_char=9592|end_char=9598
1712	bosoms.	_	_	_	_	1711	_	_	start_char=9599|end_char=9606
1713	My	_	_	_	_	1712	_	_	start_char=9607|end_char=9609
1714	lieutenant,	_	_	_	_	1713	_	_	start_char=9610|end_char=9621
1715	for	_	_	_	_	1714	_	_	start_char=9622|end_char=9625
1716	instance,	_	_	_	_	1715	_	_	start_char=9626|end_char=9635
1717	is	_	_	_	_	1716	_	_	start_char=9636|end_char=9638
1718	a	_	_	_	_	1717	_	_	start_char=9639|end_char=9640
1719	man	_	_	_	_	1718	_	_	start_char=9641|end_char=9644
1720	of	_	_	_	_	1719	_	_	start_char=9645|end_char=9647
1721	wonderful	_	_	_	_	1720	_	_	start_char=9648|end_char=9657
1722	courage	_	_	_	_	1721	_	_	start_char=9658|end_char=9665
1723	and	_	_	_	_	1722	_	_	start_char=9666|end_char=9669
1724	enterprise;	_	_	_	_	1723	_	_	start_char=9670|end_char=9681
1725	he	_	_	_	_	1724	_	_	start_char=9682|end_char=9684
1726	is	_	_	_	_	1725	_	_	start_char=9685|end_char=9687
1727	madly	_	_	_	_	1726	_	_	start_char=9688|end_char=9693
1728	desirous	_	_	_	_	1727	_	_	start_char=9694|end_char=9702
1729	of	_	_	_	_	1728	_	_	start_char=9703|end_char=9705
1730	glory,	_	_	_	_	1729	_	_	start_char=9706|end_char=9712
1731	or	_	_	_	_	1730	_	_	start_char=9713|end_char=9715
1732	rather,	_	_	_	_	1731	_	_	start_char=9716|end_char=9723
1733	to	_	_	_	_	1732	_	_	start_char=9724|end_char=9726
1734	word	_	_	_	_	1733	_	_	start_char=9727|end_char=9731
1735	my	_	_	_	_	1734	_	_	start_char=9732|end_char=9734
1736	phrase	_	_	_	_	1735	_	_	start_char=9735|end_char=9741
1737	more	_	_	_	_	1736	_	_	start_char=9742|end_char=9746
1738	characteristically,	_	_	_	_	1737	_	_	start_char=9747|end_char=9766
1739	of	_	_	_	_	1738	_	_	start_char=9767|end_char=9769
1740	advancement	_	_	_	_	1739	_	_	start_char=9770|end_char=9781
1741	in	_	_	_	_	1740	_	_	start_char=9782|end_char=9784
1742	his	_	_	_	_	1741	_	_	start_char=9785|end_char=9788
1743	profession.	_	_	_	_	1742	_	_	start_char=9789|end_char=9800
1744	He	_	_	_	_	1743	_	_	start_char=9801|end_char=9803
1745	is	_	_	_	_	1744	_	_	start_char=9804|end_char=9806
1746	an	_	_	_	_	1745	_	_	start_char=9807|end_char=9809
1747	Englishman,	_	_	_	_	1746	_	_	start_char=9810|end_char=9821
1748	and	_	_	_	_	1747	_	_	start_char=9822|end_char=9825
1749	in	_	_	_	_	1748	_	_	start_char=9826|end_char=9828
1750	the	_	_	_	_	1749	_	_	start_char=9829|end_char=9832
1751	midst	_	_	_	_	1750	_	_	start_char=9833|end_char=9838
1752	of	_	_	_	_	1751	_	_	start_char=9839|end_char=9841
1753	national	_	_	_	_	1752	_	_	start_char=9842|end_char=9850
1754	and	_	_	_	_	1753	_	_	start_char=9851|end_char=9854
1755	professional	_	_	_	_	1754	_	_	start_char=9855|end_char=9867
1756	prejudices,	_	_	_	_	1755	_	_	start_char=9868|end_char=9879
1757	unsoftened	_	_	_	_	1756	_	_	start_char=9880|end_char=9890
1758	by	_	_	_	_	1757	_	_	start_char=9891|end_char=9893
1759	cultivation,	_	_	_	_	1758	_	_	start_char=9894|end_char=9906
1760	retains	_	_	_	_	1759	_	_	start_char=9907|end_char=9914
1761	some	_	_	_	_	1760	_	_	start_char=9915|end_char=9919
1762	of	_	_	_	_	1761	_	_	start_char=9920|end_char=9922
1763	the	_	_	_	_	1762	_	_	start_char=9923|end_char=9926
1764	noblest	_	_	_	_	1763	_	_	start_char=9927|end_char=9934
1765	endowments	_	_	_	_	1764	_	_	start_char=9935|end_char=9945
1766	of	_	_	_	_	1765	_	_	start_char=9946|end_char=9948
1767	humanity.	_	_	_	_	1766	_	_	start_char=9949|end_char=9958
1768	I	_	_	_	_	1767	_	_	start_char=9959|end_char=9960
1769	first	_	_	_	_	1768	_	_	start_char=9961|end_char=9966
1770	became	_	_	_	_	1769	_	_	start_char=9967|end_char=9973
1771	acquainted	_	_	_	_	1770	_	_	start_char=9974|end_char=9984
1772	with	_	_	_	_	1771	_	_	start_char=9985|end_char=9989
1773	him	_	_	_	_	1772	_	_	start_char=9990|end_char=9993
1774	on	_	_	_	_	1773	_	_	start_char=9994|end_char=9996
1775	board	_	_	_	_	1774	_	_	start_char=9997|end_char=10002
1776	a	_	_	_	_	1775	_	_	start_char=10003|end_char=10004
1777	whale	_	_	_	_	1776	_	_	start_char=10005|end_char=10010
1778	vessel;	_	_	_	_	1777	_	_	start_char=10011|end_char=10018
1779	finding	_	_	_	_	1778	_	_	start_char=10019|end_char=10026
1780	that	_	_	_	_	1779	_	_	start_char=10027|end_char=10031
1781	he	_	_	_	_	1780	_	_	start_char=10032|end_char=10034
1782	was	_	_	_	_	1781	_	_	start_char=10035|end_char=10038
1783	unemployed	_	_	_	_	1782	_	_	start_char=10039|end_char=10049
1784	in	_	_	_	_	1783	_	_	start_char=10050|end_char=10052
1785	this	_	_	_	_	1784	_	_	start_char=10053|end_char=10057
1786	city,	_	_	_	_	1785	_	_	start_char=10058|end_char=10063
1787	I	_	_	_	_	1786	_	_	start_char=10064|end_char=10065
1788	easily	_	_	_	_	1787	_	_	start_char=10066|end_char=10072
1789	engaged	_	_	_	_	1788	_	_	start_char=10073|end_char=10080
1790	him	_	_	_	_	1789	_	_	start_char=10081|end_char=10084
1791	to	_	_	_	_	1790	_	_	start_char=10085|end_char=10087
1792	assist	_	_	_	_	1791	_	_	start_char=10088|end_char=10094
1793	in	_	_	_	_	1792	_	_	start_char=10095|end_char=10097
1794	my	_	_	_	_	1793	_	_	start_char=10098|end_char=10100
1795	enterprise.	_	_	_	_	1794	_	_	start_char=10101|end_char=10112
1796	The	_	_	_	_	1795	_	_	start_char=10113|end_char=10116
1797	master	_	_	_	_	1796	_	_	start_char=10117|end_char=10123
1798	is	_	_	_	_	1797	_	_	start_char=10124|end_char=10126
1799	a	_	_	_	_	1798	_	_	start_char=10127|end_char=10128
1800	person	_	_	_	_	1799	_	_	start_char=10129|end_char=10135
1801	of	_	_	_	_	1800	_	_	start_char=10136|end_char=10138
1802	an	_	_	_	_	1801	_	_	start_char=10139|end_char=10141
1803	excellent	_	_	_	_	1802	_	_	start_char=10142|end_char=10151
1804	disposition	_	_	_	_	1803	_	_	start_char=10152|end_char=10163
1805	and	_	_	_	_	1804	_	_	start_char=10164|end_char=10167
1806	is	_	_	_	_	1805	_	_	start_char=10168|end_char=10170
1807	remarkable	_	_	_	_	1806	_	_	start_char=10171|end_char=10181
1808	in	_	_	_	_	1807	_	_	start_char=10182|end_char=10184
1809	the	_	_	_	_	1808	_	_	start_char=10185|end_char=10188
1810	ship	_	_	_	_	1809	_	_	start_char=10189|end_char=10193
1811	for	_	_	_	_	1810	_	_	start_char=10194|end_char=10197
1812	his	_	_	_	_	1811	_	_	start_char=10198|end_char=10201
1813	gentleness	_	_	_	_	1812	_	_	start_char=10202|end_char=10212
1814	and	_	_	_	_	1813	_	_	start_char=10213|end_char=10216
1815	the	_	_	_	_	1814	_	_	start_char=10217|end_char=10220
1816	mildness	_	_	_	_	1815	_	_	start_char=10221|end_char=10229
1817	of	_	_	_	_	1816	_	_	start_char=10230|end_char=10232
1818	his	_	_	_	_	1817	_	_	start_char=10233|end_char=10236
1819	discipline.	_	_	_	_	1818	_	_	start_char=10237|end_char=10248
1820	This	_	_	_	_	1819	_	_	start_char=10249|end_char=10253
1821	circumstance,	_	_	_	_	1820	_	_	start_char=10254|end_char=10267
1822	added	_	_	_	_	1821	_	_	start_char=10268|end_char=10273
1823	to	_	_	_	_	1822	_	_	start_char=10274|end_char=10276
1824	his	_	_	_	_	1823	_	_	start_char=10277|end_char=10280
1825	well-known	_	_	_	_	1824	_	_	start_char=10281|end_char=10291
1826	integrity	_	_	_	_	1825	_	_	start_char=10292|end_char=10301
1827	and	_	_	_	_	1826	_	_	start_char=10302|end_char=10305
1828	dauntless	_	_	_	_	1827	_	_	start_char=10306|end_char=10315
1829	courage,	_	_	_	_	1828	_	_	start_char=10316|end_char=10324
1830	made	_	_	_	_	1829	_	_	start_char=10325|end_char=10329
1831	me	_	_	_	_	1830	_	_	start_char=10330|end_char=10332
1832	very	_	_	_	_	1831	_	_	start_char=10333|end_char=10337
1833	desirous	_	_	_	_	1832	_	_	start_char=10338|end_char=10346
1834	to	_	_	_	_	1833	_	_	start_char=10347|end_char=10349
1835	engage	_	_	_	_	1834	_	_	start_char=10350|end_char=10356
1836	him.	_	_	_	_	1835	_	_	start_char=10357|end_char=10361
1837	A	_	_	_	_	1836	_	_	start_char=10362|end_char=10363
1838	youth	_	_	_	_	1837	_	_	start_char=10364|end_char=10369
1839	passed	_	_	_	_	1838	_	_	start_char=10370|end_char=10376
1840	in	_	_	_	_	1839	_	_	start_char=10377|end_char=10379
1841	solitude,	_	_	_	_	1840	_	_	start_char=10380|end_char=10389
1842	my	_	_	_	_	1841	_	_	start_char=10390|end_char=10392
1843	best	_	_	_	_	1842	_	_	start_char=10393|end_char=10397
1844	years	_	_	_	_	1843	_	_	start_char=10398|end_char=10403
1845	spent	_	_	_	_	1844	_	_	start_char=10404|end_char=10409
1846	under	_	_	_	_	1845	_	_	start_char=10410|end_char=10415
1847	your	_	_	_	_	1846	_	_	start_char=10416|end_char=10420
1848	gentle	_	_	_	_	1847	_	_	start_char=10421|end_char=10427
1849	and	_	_	_	_	1848	_	_	start_char=10428|end_char=10431
1850	feminine	_	_	_	_	1849	_	_	start_char=10432|end_char=10440
1851	fosterage,	_	_	_	_	1850	_	_	start_char=10441|end_char=10451
1852	has	_	_	_	_	1851	_	_	start_char=10452|end_char=10455
1853	so	_	_	_	_	1852	_	_	start_char=10456|end_char=10458
1854	refined	_	_	_	_	1853	_	_	start_char=10459|end_char=10466
1855	the	_	_	_	_	1854	_	_	start_char=10467|end_char=10470
1856	groundwork	_	_	_	_	1855	_	_	start_char=10471|end_char=10481
1857	of	_	_	_	_	1856	_	_	start_char=10482|end_char=10484
1858	my	_	_	_	_	1857	_	_	start_char=10485|end_char=10487
1859	character	_	_	_	_	1858	_	_	start_char=10488|end_char=10497
1860	that	_	_	_	_	1859	_	_	start_char=10498|end_char=10502
1861	I	_	_	_	_	1860	_	_	start_char=10503|end_char=10504
1862	cannot	_	_	_	_	1861	_	_	start_char=10505|end_char=10511
1863	overcome	_	_	_	_	1862	_	_	start_char=10512|end_char=10520
1864	an	_	_	_	_	1863	_	_	start_char=10521|end_char=10523
1865	intense	_	_	_	_	1864	_	_	start_char=10524|end_char=10531
1866	distaste	_	_	_	_	1865	_	_	start_char=10532|end_char=10540
1867	to	_	_	_	_	1866	_	_	start_char=10541|end_char=10543
1868	the	_	_	_	_	1867	_	_	start_char=10544|end_char=10547
1869	usual	_	_	_	_	1868	_	_	start_char=10548|end_char=10553
1870	brutality	_	_	_	_	1869	_	_	start_char=10554|end_char=10563
1871	exercised	_	_	_	_	1870	_	_	start_char=10564|end_char=10573
1872	on	_	_	_	_	1871	_	_	start_char=10574|end_char=10576
1873	board	_	_	_	_	1872	_	_	start_char=10577|end_char=10582
1874	ship:	_	_	_	_	1873	_	_	start_char=10583|end_char=10588
1875	I	_	_	_	_	1874	_	_	start_char=10589|end_char=10590
1876	have	_	_	_	_	1875	_	_	start_char=10591|end_char=10595
1877	never	_	_	_	_	1876	_	_	start_char=10596|end_char=10601
1878	believed	_	_	_	_	1877	_	_	start_char=10602|end_char=10610
1879	it	_	_	_	_	1878	_	_	start_char=10611|end_char=10613
1880	to	_	_	_	_	1879	_	_	start_char=10614|end_char=10616
1881	be	_	_	_	_	1880	_	_	start_char=10617|end_char=10619
1882	necessary,	_	_	_	_	1881	_	_	start_char=10620|end_char=10630
1883	and	_	_	_	_	1882	_	_	start_char=10631|end_char=10634
1884	when	_	_	_	_	1883	_	_	start_char=10635|end_char=10639
1885	I	_	_	_	_	1884	_	_	start_char=10640|end_char=10641
1886	heard	_	_	_	_	1885	_	_	start_char=10642|end_char=10647
1887	of	_	_	_	_	1886	_	_	start_char=10648|end_char=10650
1888	a	_	_	_	_	1887	_	_	start_char=10651|end_char=10652
1889	mariner	_	_	_	_	1888	_	_	start_char=10653|end_char=10660
1890	equally	_	_	_	_	1889	_	_	start_char=10661|end_char=10668
1891	noted	_	_	_	_	1890	_	_	start_char=10669|end_char=10674
1892	for	_	_	_	_	1891	_	_	start_char=10675|end_char=10678
1893	his	_	_	_	_	1892	_	_	start_char=10679|end_char=10682
1894	kindliness	_	_	_	_	1893	_	_	start_char=10683|end_char=10693
1895	of	_	_	_	_	1894	_	_	start_char=10694|end_char=10696
1896	heart	_	_	_	_	1895	_	_	start_char=10697|end_char=10702
1897	and	_	_	_	_	1896	_	_	start_char=10703|end_char=10706
1898	the	_	_	_	_	1897	_	_	start_char=10707|end_char=10710
1899	respect	_	_	_	_	1898	_	_	start_char=10711|end_char=10718
1900	and	_	_	_	_	1899	_	_	start_char=10719|end_char=10722
1901	obedience	_	_	_	_	1900	_	_	start_char=10723|end_char=10732
1902	paid	_	_	_	_	1901	_	_	start_char=10733|end_char=10737
1903	to	_	_	_	_	1902	_	_	start_char=10738|end_char=10740
1904	him	_	_	_	_	1903	_	_	start_char=10741|end_char=10744
1905	by	_	_	_	_	1904	_	_	start_char=10745|end_char=10747
1906	his	_	_	_	_	1905	_	_	start_char=10748|end_char=10751
1907	crew,	_	_	_	_	1906	_	_	start_char=10752|end_char=10757
1908	I	_	_	_	_	1907	_	_	start_char=10758|end_char=10759
1909	felt	_	_	_	_	1908	_	_	start_char=10760|end_char=10764
1910	myself	_	_	_	_	1909	_	_	start_char=10765|end_char=10771
1911	peculiarly	_	_	_	_	1910	_	_	start_char=10772|end_char=10782
1912	fortunate	_	_	_	_	1911	_	_	start_char=10783|end_char=10792
1913	in	_	_	_	_	1912	_	_	start_char=10793|end_char=10795
1914	being	_	_	_	_	1913	_	_	start_char=10796|end_char=10801
1915	able	_	_	_	_	1914	_	_	start_char=10802|end_char=10806
1916	to	_	_	_	_	1915	_	_	start_char=10807|end_char=10809
1917	secure	_	_	_	_	1916	_	_	start_char=10810|end_char=10816
1918	his	_	_	_	_	1917	_	_	start_char=10817|end_char=10820
1919	services.	_	_	_	_	1918	_	_	start_char=10821|end_char=10830
1920	I	_	_	_	_	1919	_	_	start_char=10831|end_char=10832
1921	heard	_	_	_	_	1920	_	_	start_char=10833|end_char=10838
1922	of	_	_	_	_	1921	_	_	start_char=10839|end_char=10841
1923	him	_	_	_	_	1922	_	_	start_char=10842|end_char=10845
1924	first	_	_	_	_	1923	_	_	start_char=10846|end_char=10851
1925	in	_	_	_	_	1924	_	_	start_char=10852|end_char=10854
1926	rather	_	_	_	_	1925	_	_	start_char=10855|end_char=10861
1927	a	_	_	_	_	1926	_	_	start_char=10862|end_char=10863
1928	romantic	_	_	_	_	1927	_	_	start_char=10864|end_char=10872
1929	manner,	_	_	_	_	1928	_	_	start_char=10873|end_char=10880
1930	from	_	_	_	_	1929	_	_	start_char=10881|end_char=10885
1931	a	_	_	_	_	1930	_	_	start_char=10886|end_char=10887
1932	lady	_	_	_	_	1931	_	_	start_char=10888|end_char=10892
1933	who	_	_	_	_	1932	_	_	start_char=10893|end_char=10896
1934	owes	_	_	_	_	1933	_	_	start_char=10897|end_char=10901
1935	to	_	_	_	_	1934	_	_	start_char=10902|end_char=10904
1936	him	_	_	_	_	1935	_	_	start_char=10905|end_char=10908
1937	the	_	_	_	_	1936	_	_	start_char=10909|end_char=10912
1938	happiness	_	_	_	_	1937	_	_	start_char=10913|end_char=10922
1939	of	_	_	_	_	1938	_	_	start_char=10923|end_char=10925
1940	her	_	_	_	_	1939	_	_	start_char=10926|end_char=10929
1941	life.	_	_	_	_	1940	_	_	start_char=10930|end_char=10935
1942	This,	_	_	_	_	1941	_	_	start_char=10936|end_char=10941
1943	briefly,	_	_	_	_	1942	_	_	start_char=10942|end_char=10950
1944	is	_	_	_	_	1943	_	_	start_char=10951|end_char=10953
1945	his	_	_	_	_	1944	_	_	start_char=10954|end_char=10957
1946	story.	_	_	_	_	1945	_	_	start_char=10958|end_char=10964
1947	Some	_	_	_	_	1946	_	_	start_char=10965|end_char=10969
1948	years	_	_	_	_	1947	_	_	start_char=10970|end_char=10975
1949	ago	_	_	_	_	1948	_	_	start_char=10976|end_char=10979
1950	he	_	_	_	_	1949	_	_	start_char=10980|end_char=10982
1951	loved	_	_	_	_	1950	_	_	start_char=10983|end_char=10988
1952	a	_	_	_	_	1951	_	_	start_char=10989|end_char=10990
1953	young	_	_	_	_	1952	_	_	start_char=10991|end_char=10996
1954	Russian	_	_	_	_	1953	_	_	start_char=10997|end_char=11004
1955	lady	_	_	_	_	1954	_	_	start_char=11005|end_char=11009
1956	of	_	_	_	_	1955	_	_	start_char=11010|end_char=11012
1957	moderate	_	_	_	_	1956	_	_	start_char=11013|end_char=11021
1958	fortune,	_	_	_	_	1957	_	_	start_char=11022|end_char=11030
1959	and	_	_	_	_	1958	_	_	start_char=11031|end_char=11034
1960	having	_	_	_	_	1959	_	_	start_char=11035|end_char=11041
1961	amassed	_	_	_	_	1960	_	_	start_char=11042|end_char=11049
1962	a	_	_	_	_	1961	_	_	start_char=11050|end_char=11051
1963	considerable	_	_	_	_	1962	_	_	start_char=11052|end_char=11064
1964	sum	_	_	_	_	1963	_	_	start_char=11065|end_char=11068
1965	in	_	_	_	_	1964	_	_	start_char=11069|end_char=11071
1966	prize-money,	_	_	_	_	1965	_	_	start_char=11072|end_char=11084
1967	the	_	_	_	_	1966	_	_	start_char=11085|end_char=11088
1968	father	_	_	_	_	1967	_	_	start_char=11089|end_char=11095
1969	of	_	_	_	_	1968	_	_	start_char=11096|end_char=11098
1970	the	_	_	_	_	1969	_	_	start_char=11099|end_char=11102
1971	girl	_	_	_	_	1970	_	_	start_char=11103|end_char=11107
1972	consented	_	_	_	_	1971	_	_	start_char=11108|end_char=11117
1973	to	_	_	_	_	1972	_	_	start_char=11118|end_char=11120
1974	the	_	_	_	_	1973	_	_	start_char=11121|end_char=11124
1975	match.	_	_	_	_	1974	_	_	start_char=11125|end_char=11131
1976	He	_	_	_	_	1975	_	_	start_char=11132|end_char=11134
1977	saw	_	_	_	_	1976	_	_	start_char=11135|end_char=11138
1978	his	_	_	_	_	1977	_	_	start_char=11139|end_char=11142
1979	mistress	_	_	_	_	1978	_	_	start_char=11143|end_char=11151
1980	once	_	_	_	_	1979	_	_	start_char=11152|end_char=11156
1981	before	_	_	_	_	1980	_	_	start_char=11157|end_char=11163
1982	the	_	_	_	_	1981	_	_	start_char=11164|end_char=11167
1983	destined	_	_	_	_	1982	_	_	start_char=11168|end_char=11176
1984	ceremony;	_	_	_	_	1983	_	_	start_char=11177|end_char=11186
1985	but	_	_	_	_	1984	_	_	start_char=11187|end_char=11190
1986	she	_	_	_	_	1985	_	_	start_char=11191|end_char=11194
1987	was	_	_	_	_	1986	_	_	start_char=11195|end_char=11198
1988	bathed	_	_	_	_	1987	_	_	start_char=11199|end_char=11205
1989	in	_	_	_	_	1988	_	_	start_char=11206|end_char=11208
1990	tears,	_	_	_	_	1989	_	_	start_char=11209|end_char=11215
1991	and	_	_	_	_	1990	_	_	start_char=11216|end_char=11219
1992	throwing	_	_	_	_	1991	_	_	start_char=11220|end_char=11228
1993	herself	_	_	_	_	1992	_	_	start_char=11229|end_char=11236
1994	at	_	_	_	_	1993	_	_	start_char=11237|end_char=11239
1995	his	_	_	_	_	1994	_	_	start_char=11240|end_char=11243
1996	feet,	_	_	_	_	1995	_	_	start_char=11244|end_char=11249
1997	entreated	_	_	_	_	1996	_	_	start_char=11250|end_char=11259
1998	him	_	_	_	_	1997	_	_	start_char=11260|end_char=11263
1999	to	_	_	_	_	1998	_	_	start_char=11264|end_char=11266
2000	spare	_	_	_	_	1999	_	_	start_char=11267|end_char=11272
2001	her,	_	_	_	_	2000	_	_	start_char=11273|end_char=11277
2002	confessing	_	_	_	_	2001	_	_	start_char=11278|end_char=11288
2003	at	_	_	_	_	2002	_	_	start_char=11289|end_char=11291
2004	the	_	_	_	_	2003	_	_	start_char=11292|end_char=11295
2005	same	_	_	_	_	2004	_	_	start_char=11296|end_char=11300
2006	time	_	_	_	_	2005	_	_	start_char=11301|end_char=11305
2007	that	_	_	_	_	2006	_	_	start_char=11306|end_char=11310
2008	she	_	_	_	_	2007	_	_	start_char=11311|end_char=11314
2009	loved	_	_	_	_	2008	_	_	start_char=11315|end_char=11320
2010	another,	_	_	_	_	2009	_	_	start_char=11321|end_char=11329
2011	but	_	_	_	_	2010	_	_	start_char=11330|end_char=11333
2012	that	_	_	_	_	2011	_	_	start_char=11334|end_char=11338
2013	he	_	_	_	_	2012	_	_	start_char=11339|end_char=11341
2014	was	_	_	_	_	2013	_	_	start_char=11342|end_char=11345
2015	poor,	_	_	_	_	2014	_	_	start_char=11346|end_char=11351
2016	and	_	_	_	_	2015	_	_	start_char=11352|end_char=11355
2017	that	_	_	_	_	2016	_	_	start_char=11356|end_char=11360
2018	her	_	_	_	_	2017	_	_	start_char=11361|end_char=11364
2019	father	_	_	_	_	2018	_	_	start_char=11365|end_char=11371
2020	would	_	_	_	_	2019	_	_	start_char=11372|end_char=11377
2021	never	_	_	_	_	2020	_	_	start_char=11378|end_char=11383
2022	consent	_	_	_	_	2021	_	_	start_char=11384|end_char=11391
2023	to	_	_	_	_	2022	_	_	start_char=11392|end_char=11394
2024	the	_	_	_	_	2023	_	_	start_char=11395|end_char=11398
2025	union.	_	_	_	_	2024	_	_	start_char=11399|end_char=11405
2026	My	_	_	_	_	2025	_	_	start_char=11406|end_char=11408
2027	generous	_	_	_	_	2026	_	_	start_char=11409|end_char=11417
2028	friend	_	_	_	_	2027	_	_	start_char=11418|end_char=11424
2029	reassured	_	_	_	_	2028	_	_	start_char=11425|end_char=11434
2030	the	_	_	_	_	2029	_	_	start_char=11435|end_char=11438
2031	suppliant,	_	_	_	_	2030	_	_	start_char=11439|end_char=11449
2032	and	_	_	_	_	2031	_	_	start_char=11450|end_char=11453
2033	on	_	_	_	_	2032	_	_	start_char=11454|end_char=11456
2034	being	_	_	_	_	2033	_	_	start_char=11457|end_char=11462
2035	informed	_	_	_	_	2034	_	_	start_char=11463|end_char=11471
2036	of	_	_	_	_	2035	_	_	start_char=11472|end_char=11474
2037	the	_	_	_	_	2036	_	_	start_char=11475|end_char=11478
2038	name	_	_	_	_	2037	_	_	start_char=11479|end_char=11483
2039	of	_	_	_	_	2038	_	_	start_char=11484|end_char=11486
2040	her	_	_	_	_	2039	_	_	start_char=11487|end_char=11490
2041	lover,	_	_	_	_	2040	_	_	start_char=11491|end_char=11497
2042	instantly	_	_	_	_	2041	_	_	start_char=11498|end_char=11507
2043	abandoned	_	_	_	_	2042	_	_	start_char=11508|end_char=11517
2044	his	_	_	_	_	2043	_	_	start_char=11518|end_char=11521
2045	pursuit.	_	_	_	_	2044	_	_	start_char=11522|end_char=11530
2046	He	_	_	_	_	2045	_	_	start_char=11531|end_char=11533
2047	had	_	_	_	_	2046	_	_	start_char=11534|end_char=11537
2048	already	_	_	_	_	2047	_	_	start_char=11538|end_char=11545
2049	bought	_	_	_	_	2048	_	_	start_char=11546|end_char=11552
2050	a	_	_	_	_	2049	_	_	start_char=11553|end_char=11554
2051	farm	_	_	_	_	2050	_	_	start_char=11555|end_char=11559
2052	with	_	_	_	_	2051	_	_	start_char=11560|end_char=11564
2053	his	_	_	_	_	2052	_	_	start_char=11565|end_char=11568
2054	money,	_	_	_	_	2053	_	_	start_char=11569|end_char=11575
2055	on	_	_	_	_	2054	_	_	start_char=11576|end_char=11578
2056	which	_	_	_	_	2055	_	_	start_char=11579|end_char=11584
2057	he	_	_	_	_	2056	_	_	start_char=11585|end_char=11587
2058	had	_	_	_	_	2057	_	_	start_char=11588|end_char=11591
2059	designed	_	_	_	_	2058	_	_	start_char=11592|end_char=11600
2060	to	_	_	_	_	2059	_	_	start_char=11601|end_char=11603
2061	pass	_	_	_	_	2060	_	_	start_char=11604|end_char=11608
2062	the	_	_	_	_	2061	_	_	start_char=11609|end_char=11612
2063	remainder	_	_	_	_	2062	_	_	start_char=11613|end_char=11622
2064	of	_	_	_	_	2063	_	_	start_char=11623|end_char=11625
2065	his	_	_	_	_	2064	_	_	start_char=11626|end_char=11629
2066	life;	_	_	_	_	2065	_	_	start_char=11630|end_char=11635
2067	but	_	_	_	_	2066	_	_	start_char=11636|end_char=11639
2068	he	_	_	_	_	2067	_	_	start_char=11640|end_char=11642
2069	bestowed	_	_	_	_	2068	_	_	start_char=11643|end_char=11651
2070	the	_	_	_	_	2069	_	_	start_char=11652|end_char=11655
2071	whole	_	_	_	_	2070	_	_	start_char=11656|end_char=11661
2072	on	_	_	_	_	2071	_	_	start_char=11662|end_char=11664
2073	his	_	_	_	_	2072	_	_	start_char=11665|end_char=11668
2074	rival,	_	_	_	_	2073	_	_	start_char=11669|end_char=11675
2075	together	_	_	_	_	2074	_	_	start_char=11676|end_char=11684
2076	with	_	_	_	_	2075	_	_	start_char=11685|end_char=11689
2077	the	_	_	_	_	2076	_	_	start_char=11690|end_char=11693
2078	remains	_	_	_	_	2077	_	_	start_char=11694|end_char=11701
2079	of	_	_	_	_	2078	_	_	start_char=11702|end_char=11704
2080	his	_	_	_	_	2079	_	_	start_char=11705|end_char=11708
2081	prize-money	_	_	_	_	2080	_	_	start_char=11709|end_char=11720
2082	to	_	_	_	_	2081	_	_	start_char=11721|end_char=11723
2083	purchase	_	_	_	_	2082	_	_	start_char=11724|end_char=11732
2084	stock,	_	_	_	_	2083	_	_	start_char=11733|end_char=11739
2085	and	_	_	_	_	2084	_	_	start_char=11740|end_char=11743
2086	then	_	_	_	_	2085	_	_	start_char=11744|end_char=11748
2087	himself	_	_	_	_	2086	_	_	start_char=11749|end_char=11756
2088	solicited	_	_	_	_	2087	_	_	start_char=11757|end_char=11766
2089	the	_	_	_	_	2088	_	_	start_char=11767|end_char=11770
2090	young	_	_	_	_	2089	_	_	start_char=11771|end_char=11776
2091	woman’s	_	_	_	_	2090	_	_	start_char=11777|end_char=11784
2092	father	_	_	_	_	2091	_	_	start_char=11785|end_char=11791
2093	to	_	_	_	_	2092	_	_	start_char=11792|end_char=11794
2094	consent	_	_	_	_	2093	_	_	start_char=11795|end_char=11802
2095	to	_	_	_	_	2094	_	_	start_char=11803|end_char=11805
2096	her	_	_	_	_	2095	_	_	start_char=11806|end_char=11809
2097	marriage	_	_	_	_	2096	_	_	start_char=11810|end_char=11818
2098	with	_	_	_	_	2097	_	_	start_char=11819|end_char=11823
2099	her	_	_	_	_	2098	_	_	start_char=11824|end_char=11827
2100	lover.	_	_	_	_	2099	_	_	start_char=11828|end_char=11834
2101	But	_	_	_	_	2100	_	_	start_char=11835|end_char=11838
2102	the	_	_	_	_	2101	_	_	start_char=11839|end_char=11842
2103	old	_	_	_	_	2102	_	_	start_char=11843|end_char=11846
2104	man	_	_	_	_	2103	_	_	start_char=11847|end_char=11850
2105	decidedly	_	_	_	_	2104	_	_	start_char=11851|end_char=11860
2106	refused,	_	_	_	_	2105	_	_	start_char=11861|end_char=11869
2107	thinking	_	_	_	_	2106	_	_	start_char=11870|end_char=11878
2108	himself	_	_	_	_	2107	_	_	start_char=11879|end_char=11886
2109	bound	_	_	_	_	2108	_	_	start_char=11887|end_char=11892
2110	in	_	_	_	_	2109	_	_	start_char=11893|end_char=11895
2111	honour	_	_	_	_	2110	_	_	start_char=11896|end_char=11902
2112	to	_	_	_	_	2111	_	_	start_char=11903|end_char=11905
2113	my	_	_	_	_	2112	_	_	start_char=11906|end_char=11908
2114	friend,	_	_	_	_	2113	_	_	start_char=11909|end_char=11916
2115	who,	_	_	_	_	2114	_	_	start_char=11917|end_char=11921
2116	when	_	_	_	_	2115	_	_	start_char=11922|end_char=11926
2117	he	_	_	_	_	2116	_	_	start_char=11927|end_char=11929
2118	found	_	_	_	_	2117	_	_	start_char=11930|end_char=11935
2119	the	_	_	_	_	2118	_	_	start_char=11936|end_char=11939
2120	father	_	_	_	_	2119	_	_	start_char=11940|end_char=11946
2121	inexorable,	_	_	_	_	2120	_	_	start_char=11947|end_char=11958
2122	quitted	_	_	_	_	2121	_	_	start_char=11959|end_char=11966
2123	his	_	_	_	_	2122	_	_	start_char=11967|end_char=11970
2124	country,	_	_	_	_	2123	_	_	start_char=11971|end_char=11979
2125	nor	_	_	_	_	2124	_	_	start_char=11980|end_char=11983
2126	returned	_	_	_	_	2125	_	_	start_char=11984|end_char=11992
2127	until	_	_	_	_	2126	_	_	start_char=11993|end_char=11998
2128	he	_	_	_	_	2127	_	_	start_char=11999|end_char=12001
2129	heard	_	_	_	_	2128	_	_	start_char=12002|end_char=12007
2130	that	_	_	_	_	2129	_	_	start_char=12008|end_char=12012
2131	his	_	_	_	_	2130	_	_	start_char=12013|end_char=12016
2132	former	_	_	_	_	2131	_	_	start_char=12017|end_char=12023
2133	mistress	_	_	_	_	2132	_	_	start_char=12024|end_char=12032
2134	was	_	_	_	_	2133	_	_	start_char=12033|end_char=12036
2135	married	_	_	_	_	2134	_	_	start_char=12037|end_char=12044
2136	according	_	_	_	_	2135	_	_	start_char=12045|end_char=12054
2137	to	_	_	_	_	2136	_	_	start_char=12055|end_char=12057
2138	her	_	_	_	_	2137	_	_	start_char=12058|end_char=12061
2139	inclinations.	_	_	_	_	2138	_	_	start_char=12062|end_char=12075
2140	“What	_	_	_	_	2139	_	_	start_char=12076|end_char=12081
2141	a	_	_	_	_	2140	_	_	start_char=12082|end_char=12083
2142	noble	_	_	_	_	2141	_	_	start_char=12084|end_char=12089
2143	fellow!”	_	_	_	_	2142	_	_	start_char=12090|end_char=12098
2144	you	_	_	_	_	2143	_	_	start_char=12099|end_char=12102
2145	will	_	_	_	_	2144	_	_	start_char=12103|end_char=12107
2146	exclaim.	_	_	_	_	2145	_	_	start_char=12108|end_char=12116
2147	He	_	_	_	_	2146	_	_	start_char=12117|end_char=12119
2148	is	_	_	_	_	2147	_	_	start_char=12120|end_char=12122
2149	so;	_	_	_	_	2148	_	_	start_char=12123|end_char=12126
2150	but	_	_	_	_	2149	_	_	start_char=12127|end_char=12130
2151	then	_	_	_	_	2150	_	_	start_char=12131|end_char=12135
2152	he	_	_	_	_	2151	_	_	start_char=12136|end_char=12138
2153	is	_	_	_	_	2152	_	_	start_char=12139|end_char=12141
2154	wholly	_	_	_	_	2153	_	_	start_char=12142|end_char=12148
2155	uneducated:	_	_	_	_	2154	_	_	start_char=12149|end_char=12160
2156	he	_	_	_	_	2155	_	_	start_char=12161|end_char=12163
2157	is	_	_	_	_	2156	_	_	start_char=12164|end_char=12166
2158	as	_	_	_	_	2157	_	_	start_char=12167|end_char=12169
2159	silent	_	_	_	_	2158	_	_	start_char=12170|end_char=12176
2160	as	_	_	_	_	2159	_	_	start_char=12177|end_char=12179
2161	a	_	_	_	_	2160	_	_	start_char=12180|end_char=12181
2162	Turk,	_	_	_	_	2161	_	_	start_char=12182|end_char=12187
2163	and	_	_	_	_	2162	_	_	start_char=12188|end_char=12191
2164	a	_	_	_	_	2163	_	_	start_char=12192|end_char=12193
2165	kind	_	_	_	_	2164	_	_	start_char=12194|end_char=12198
2166	of	_	_	_	_	2165	_	_	start_char=12199|end_char=12201
2167	ignorant	_	_	_	_	2166	_	_	start_char=12202|end_char=12210
2168	carelessness	_	_	_	_	2167	_	_	start_char=12211|end_char=12223
2169	attends	_	_	_	_	2168	_	_	start_char=12224|end_char=12231
2170	him,	_	_	_	_	2169	_	_	start_char=12232|end_char=12236
2171	which,	_	_	_	_	2170	_	_	start_char=12237|end_char=12243
2172	while	_	_	_	_	2171	_	_	start_char=12244|end_char=12249
2173	it	_	_	_	_	2172	_	_	start_char=12250|end_char=12252
2174	renders	_	_	_	_	2173	_	_	start_char=12253|end_char=12260
2175	his	_	_	_	_	2174	_	_	start_char=12261|end_char=12264
2176	conduct	_	_	_	_	2175	_	_	start_char=12265|end_char=12272
2177	the	_	_	_	_	2176	_	_	start_char=12273|end_char=12276
2178	more	_	_	_	_	2177	_	_	start_char=12277|end_char=12281
2179	astonishing,	_	_	_	_	2178	_	_	start_char=12282|end_char=12294
2180	detracts	_	_	_	_	2179	_	_	start_char=12295|end_char=12303
2181	from	_	_	_	_	2180	_	_	start_char=12304|end_char=12308
2182	the	_	_	_	_	2181	_	_	start_char=12309|end_char=12312
2183	interest	_	_	_	_	2182	_	_	start_char=12313|end_char=12321
2184	and	_	_	_	_	2183	_	_	start_char=12322|end_char=12325
2185	sympathy	_	_	_	_	2184	_	_	start_char=12326|end_char=12334
2186	which	_	_	_	_	2185	_	_	start_char=12335|end_char=12340
2187	otherwise	_	_	_	_	2186	_	_	start_char=12341|end_char=12350
2188	he	_	_	_	_	2187	_	_	start_char=12351|end_char=12353
2189	would	_	_	_	_	2188	_	_	start_char=12354|end_char=12359
2190	command.	_	_	_	_	2189	_	_	start_char=12360|end_char=12368
2191	Yet	_	_	_	_	2190	_	_	start_char=12369|end_char=12372
2192	do	_	_	_	_	2191	_	_	start_char=12373|end_char=12375
2193	not	_	_	_	_	2192	_	_	start_char=12376|end_char=12379
2194	suppose,	_	_	_	_	2193	_	_	start_char=12380|end_char=12388
2195	because	_	_	_	_	2194	_	_	start_char=12389|end_char=12396
2196	I	_	_	_	_	2195	_	_	start_char=12397|end_char=12398
2197	complain	_	_	_	_	2196	_	_	start_char=12399|end_char=12407
2198	a	_	_	_	_	2197	_	_	start_char=12408|end_char=12409
2199	little	_	_	_	_	2198	_	_	start_char=12410|end_char=12416
2200	or	_	_	_	_	2199	_	_	start_char=12417|end_char=12419
2201	because	_	_	_	_	2200	_	_	start_char=12420|end_char=12427
2202	I	_	_	_	_	2201	_	_	start_char=12428|end_char=12429
2203	can	_	_	_	_	2202	_	_	start_char=12430|end_char=12433
2204	conceive	_	_	_	_	2203	_	_	start_char=12434|end_char=12442
2205	a	_	_	_	_	2204	_	_	start_char=12443|end_char=12444
2206	consolation	_	_	_	_	2205	_	_	start_char=12445|end_char=12456
2207	for	_	_	_	_	2206	_	_	start_char=12457|end_char=12460
2208	my	_	_	_	_	2207	_	_	start_char=12461|end_char=12463
2209	toils	_	_	_	_	2208	_	_	start_char=12464|end_char=12469
2210	which	_	_	_	_	2209	_	_	start_char=12470|end_char=12475
2211	I	_	_	_	_	2210	_	_	start_char=12476|end_char=12477
2212	may	_	_	_	_	2211	_	_	start_char=12478|end_char=12481
2213	never	_	_	_	_	2212	_	_	start_char=12482|end_char=12487
2214	know,	_	_	_	_	2213	_	_	start_char=12488|end_char=12493
2215	that	_	_	_	_	2214	_	_	start_char=12494|end_char=12498
2216	I	_	_	_	_	2215	_	_	start_char=12499|end_char=12500
2217	am	_	_	_	_	2216	_	_	start_char=12501|end_char=12503
2218	wavering	_	_	_	_	2217	_	_	start_char=12504|end_char=12512
2219	in	_	_	_	_	2218	_	_	start_char=12513|end_char=12515
2220	my	_	_	_	_	2219	_	_	start_char=12516|end_char=12518
2221	resolutions.	_	_	_	_	2220	_	_	start_char=12519|end_char=12531
2222	Those	_	_	_	_	2221	_	_	start_char=12532|end_char=12537
2223	are	_	_	_	_	2222	_	_	start_char=12538|end_char=12541
2224	as	_	_	_	_	2223	_	_	start_char=12542|end_char=12544
2225	fixed	_	_	_	_	2224	_	_	start_char=12545|end_char=12550
2226	as	_	_	_	_	2225	_	_	start_char=12551|end_char=12553
2227	fate,	_	_	_	_	2226	_	_	start_char=12554|end_char=12559
2228	and	_	_	_	_	2227	_	_	start_char=12560|end_char=12563
2229	my	_	_	_	_	2228	_	_	start_char=12564|end_char=12566
2230	voyage	_	_	_	_	2229	_	_	start_char=12567|end_char=12573
2231	is	_	_	_	_	2230	_	_	start_char=12574|end_char=12576
2232	only	_	_	_	_	2231	_	_	start_char=12577|end_char=12581
2233	now	_	_	_	_	2232	_	_	start_char=12582|end_char=12585
2234	delayed	_	_	_	_	2233	_	_	start_char=12586|end_char=12593
2235	until	_	_	_	_	2234	_	_	start_char=12594|end_char=12599
2236	the	_	_	_	_	2235	_	_	start_char=12600|end_char=12603
2237	weather	_	_	_	_	2236	_	_	start_char=12604|end_char=12611
2238	shall	_	_	_	_	2237	_	_	start_char=12612|end_char=12617
2239	permit	_	_	_	_	2238	_	_	start_char=12618|end_char=12624
2240	my	_	_	_	_	2239	_	_	start_char=12625|end_char=12627
2241	embarkation.	_	_	_	_	2240	_	_	start_char=12628|end_char=12640
2242	The	_	_	_	_	2241	_	_	start_char=12641|end_char=12644
2243	winter	_	_	_	_	2242	_	_	start_char=12645|end_char=12651
2244	has	_	_	_	_	2243	_	_	start_char=12652|end_char=12655
2245	been	_	_	_	_	2244	_	_	start_char=12656|end_char=12660
2246	dreadfully	_	_	_	_	2245	_	_	start_char=12661|end_char=12671
2247	severe,	_	_	_	_	2246	_	_	start_char=12672|end_char=12679
2248	but	_	_	_	_	2247	_	_	start_char=12680|end_char=12683
2249	the	_	_	_	_	2248	_	_	start_char=12684|end_char=12687
2250	spring	_	_	_	_	2249	_	_	start_char=12688|end_char=12694
2251	promises	_	_	_	_	2250	_	_	start_char=12695|end_char=12703
2252	well,	_	_	_	_	2251	_	_	start_char=12704|end_char=12709
2253	and	_	_	_	_	2252	_	_	start_char=12710|end_char=12713
2254	it	_	_	_	_	2253	_	_	start_char=12714|end_char=12716
2255	is	_	_	_	_	2254	_	_	start_char=12717|end_char=12719
2256	considered	_	_	_	_	2255	_	_	start_char=12720|end_char=12730
2257	as	_	_	_	_	2256	_	_	start_char=12731|end_char=12733
2258	a	_	_	_	_	2257	_	_	start_char=12734|end_char=12735
2259	remarkably	_	_	_	_	2258	_	_	start_char=12736|end_char=12746
2260	early	_	_	_	_	2259	_	_	start_char=12747|end_char=12752
2261	season,	_	_	_	_	2260	_	_	start_char=12753|end_char=12760
2262	so	_	_	_	_	2261	_	_	start_char=12761|end_char=12763
2263	that	_	_	_	_	2262	_	_	start_char=12764|end_char=12768
2264	perhaps	_	_	_	_	2263	_	_	start_char=12769|end_char=12776
2265	I	_	_	_	_	2264	_	_	start_char=12777|end_char=12778
2266	may	_	_	_	_	2265	_	_	start_char=12779|end_char=12782
2267	sail	_	_	_	_	2266	_	_	start_char=12783|end_char=12787
2268	sooner	_	_	_	_	2267	_	_	start_char=12788|end_char=12794
2269	than	_	_	_	_	2268	_	_	start_char=12795|end_char=12799
2270	I	_	_	_	_	2269	_	_	start_char=12800|end_char=12801
2271	expected.	_	_	_	_	2270	_	_	start_char=12802|end_char=12811
2272	I	_	_	_	_	2271	_	_	start_char=12812|end_char=12813
2273	shall	_	_	_	_	2272	_	_	start_char=12814|end_char=12819
2274	do	_	_	_	_	2273	_	_	start_char=12820|end_char=12822
2275	nothing	_	_	_	_	2274	_	_	start_char=12823|end_char=12830
2276	rashly:	_	_	_	_	2275	_	_	start_char=12831|end_char=12838
2277	you	_	_	_	_	2276	_	_	start_char=12839|end_char=12842
2278	know	_	_	_	_	2277	_	_	start_char=12843|end_char=12847
2279	me	_	_	_	_	2278	_	_	start_char=12848|end_char=12850
2280	sufficiently	_	_	_	_	2279	_	_	start_char=12851|end_char=12863
2281	to	_	_	_	_	2280	_	_	start_char=12864|end_char=12866
2282	confide	_	_	_	_	2281	_	_	start_char=12867|end_char=12874
2283	in	_	_	_	_	2282	_	_	start_char=12875|end_char=12877
2284	my	_	_	_	_	2283	_	_	start_char=12878|end_char=12880
2285	prudence	_	_	_	_	2284	_	_	start_char=12881|end_char=12889
2286	and	_	_	_	_	2285	_	_	start_char=12890|end_char=12893
2287	considerateness	_	_	_	_	2286	_	_	start_char=12894|end_char=12909
2288	whenever	_	_	_	_	2287	_	_	start_char=12910|end_char=12918
2289	the	_	_	_	_	2288	_	_	start_char=12919|end_char=12922
2290	safety	_	_	_	_	2289	_	_	start_char=12923|end_char=12929
2291	of	_	_	_	_	2290	_	_	start_char=12930|end_char=12932
2292	others	_	_	_	_	2291	_	_	start_char=12933|end_char=12939
2293	is	_	_	_	_	2292	_	_	start_char=12940|end_char=12942
2294	committed	_	_	_	_	2293	_	_	start_char=12943|end_char=12952
2295	to	_	_	_	_	2294	_	_	start_char=12953|end_char=12955
2296	my	_	_	_	_	2295	_	_	start_char=12956|end_char=12958
2297	care.	_	_	_	_	2296	_	_	start_char=12959|end_char=12964
2298	I	_	_	_	_	2297	_	_	start_char=12965|end_char=12966
2299	cannot	_	_	_	_	2298	_	_	start_char=12967|end_char=12973
2300	describe	_	_	_	_	2299	_	_	start_char=12974|end_char=12982
2301	to	_	_	_	_	2300	_	_	start_char=12983|end_char=12985
2302	you	_	_	_	_	2301	_	_	start_char=12986|end_char=12989
2303	my	_	_	_	_	2302	_	_	start_char=12990|end_char=12992
2304	sensations	_	_	_	_	2303	_	_	start_char=12993|end_char=13003
2305	on	_	_	_	_	2304	_	_	start_char=13004|end_char=13006
2306	the	_	_	_	_	2305	_	_	start_char=13007|end_char=13010
2307	near	_	_	_	_	2306	_	_	start_char=13011|end_char=13015
2308	prospect	_	_	_	_	2307	_	_	start_char=13016|end_char=13024
2309	of	_	_	_	_	2308	_	_	start_char=13025|end_char=13027
2310	my	_	_	_	_	2309	_	_	start_char=13028|end_char=13030
2311	undertaking.	_	_	_	_	2310	_	_	start_char=13031|end_char=13043
2312	It	_	_	_	_	2311	_	_	start_char=13044|end_char=13046
2313	is	_	_	_	_	2312	_	_	start_char=13047|end_char=13049
2314	impossible	_	_	_	_	2313	_	_	start_char=13050|end_char=13060
2315	to	_	_	_	_	2314	_	_	start_char=13061|end_char=13063
2316	communicate	_	_	_	_	2315	_	_	start_char=13064|end_char=13075
2317	to	_	_	_	_	2316	_	_	start_char=13076|end_char=13078
2318	you	_	_	_	_	2317	_	_	start_char=13079|end_char=13082
2319	a	_	_	_	_	2318	_	_	start_char=13083|end_char=13084
2320	conception	_	_	_	_	2319	_	_	start_char=13085|end_char=13095
2321	of	_	_	_	_	2320	_	_	start_char=13096|end_char=13098
2322	the	_	_	_	_	2321	_	_	start_char=13099|end_char=13102
2323	trembling	_	_	_	_	2322	_	_	start_char=13103|end_char=13112
2324	sensation,	_	_	_	_	2323	_	_	start_char=13113|end_char=13123
2325	half	_	_	_	_	2324	_	_	start_char=13124|end_char=13128
2326	pleasurable	_	_	_	_	2325	_	_	start_char=13129|end_char=13140
2327	and	_	_	_	_	2326	_	_	start_char=13141|end_char=13144
2328	half	_	_	_	_	2327	_	_	start_char=13145|end_char=13149
2329	fearful,	_	_	_	_	2328	_	_	start_char=13150|end_char=13158
2330	with	_	_	_	_	2329	_	_	start_char=13159|end_char=13163
2331	which	_	_	_	_	2330	_	_	start_char=13164|end_char=13169
2332	I	_	_	_	_	2331	_	_	start_char=13170|end_char=13171
2333	am	_	_	_	_	2332	_	_	start_char=13172|end_char=13174
2334	preparing	_	_	_	_	2333	_	_	start_char=13175|end_char=13184
2335	to	_	_	_	_	2334	_	_	start_char=13185|end_char=13187
2336	depart.	_	_	_	_	2335	_	_	start_char=13188|end_char=13195
2337	I	_	_	_	_	2336	_	_	start_char=13196|end_char=13197
2338	am	_	_	_	_	2337	_	_	start_char=13198|end_char=13200
2339	going	_	_	_	_	2338	_	_	start_char=13201|end_char=13206
2340	to	_	_	_	_	2339	_	_	start_char=13207|end_char=13209
2341	unexplored	_	_	_	_	2340	_	_	start_char=13210|end_char=13220
2342	regions,	_	_	_	_	2341	_	_	start_char=13221|end_char=13229
2343	to	_	_	_	_	2342	_	_	start_char=13230|end_char=13232
2344	“the	_	_	_	_	2343	_	_	start_char=13233|end_char=13237
2345	land	_	_	_	_	2344	_	_	start_char=13238|end_char=13242
2346	of	_	_	_	_	2345	_	_	start_char=13243|end_char=13245
2347	mist	_	_	_	_	2346	_	_	start_char=13246|end_char=13250
2348	and	_	_	_	_	2347	_	_	start_char=13251|end_char=13254
2349	snow,”	_	_	_	_	2348	_	_	start_char=13255|end_char=13261
2350	but	_	_	_	_	2349	_	_	start_char=13262|end_char=13265
2351	I	_	_	_	_	2350	_	_	start_char=13266|end_char=13267
2352	shall	_	_	_	_	2351	_	_	start_char=13268|end_char=13273
2353	kill	_	_	_	_	2352	_	_	start_char=13274|end_char=13278
2354	no	_	_	_	_	2353	_	_	start_char=13279|end_char=13281
2355	albatross;	_	_	_	_	2354	_	_	start_char=13282|end_char=13292
2356	therefore	_	_	_	_	2355	_	_	start_char=13293|end_char=13302
2357	do	_	_	_	_	2356	_	_	start_char=13303|end_char=13305
2358	not	_	_	_	_	2357	_	_	start_char=13306|end_char=13309
2359	be	_	_	_	_	2358	_	_	start_char=13310|end_char=13312
2360	alarmed	_	_	_	_	2359	_	_	start_char=13313|end_char=13320
2361	for	_	_	_	_	2360	_	_	start_char=13321|end_char=13324
2362	my	_	_	_	_	2361	_	_	start_char=13325|end_char=13327
2363	safety	_	_	_	_	2362	_	_	start_char=13328|end_char=13334
2364	or	_	_	_	_	2363	_	_	start_char=13335|end_char=13337
2365	if	_	_	_	_	2364	_	_	start_char=13338|end_char=13340
2366	I	_	_	_	_	2365	_	_	start_char=13341|end_char=13342
2367	should	_	_	_	_	2366	_	_	start_char=13343|end_char=13349
2368	come	_	_	_	_	2367	_	_	start_char=13350|end_char=13354
2369	back	_	_	_	_	2368	_	_	start_char=13355|end_char=13359
2370	to	_	_	_	_	2369	_	_	start_char=13360|end_char=13362
2371	you	_	_	_	_	2370	_	_	start_char=13363|end_char=13366
2372	as	_	_	_	_	2371	_	_	start_char=13367|end_char=13369
2373	worn	_	_	_	_	2372	_	_	start_char=13370|end_char=13374
2374	and	_	_	_	_	2373	_	_	start_char=13375|end_char=13378
2375	woeful	_	_	_	_	2374	_	_	start_char=13379|end_char=13385
2376	as	_	_	_	_	2375	_	_	start_char=13386|end_char=13388
2377	the	_	_	_	_	2376	_	_	start_char=13389|end_char=13392
2378	“Ancient	_	_	_	_	2377	_	_	start_char=13393|end_char=13401
2379	Mariner.”	_	_	_	_	2378	_	_	start_char=13402|end_char=13411
2380	You	_	_	_	_	2379	_	_	start_char=13412|end_char=13415
2381	will	_	_	_	_	2380	_	_	start_char=13416|end_char=13420
2382	smile	_	_	_	_	2381	_	_	start_char=13421|end_char=13426
2383	at	_	_	_	_	2382	_	_	start_char=13427|end_char=13429
2384	my	_	_	_	_	2383	_	_	start_char=13430|end_char=13432
2385	allusion,	_	_	_	_	2384	_	_	start_char=13433|end_char=13442
2386	but	_	_	_	_	2385	_	_	start_char=13443|end_char=13446
2387	I	_	_	_	_	2386	_	_	start_char=13447|end_char=13448
2388	will	_	_	_	_	2387	_	_	start_char=13449|end_char=13453
2389	disclose	_	_	_	_	2388	_	_	start_char=13454|end_char=13462
2390	a	_	_	_	_	2389	_	_	start_char=13463|end_char=13464
2391	secret.	_	_	_	_	2390	_	_	start_char=13465|end_char=13472
2392	I	_	_	_	_	2391	_	_	start_char=13473|end_char=13474
2393	have	_	_	_	_	2392	_	_	start_char=13475|end_char=13479
2394	often	_	_	_	_	2393	_	_	start_char=13480|end_char=13485
2395	attributed	_	_	_	_	2394	_	_	start_char=13486|end_char=13496
2396	my	_	_	_	_	2395	_	_	start_char=13497|end_char=13499
2397	attachment	_	_	_	_	2396	_	_	start_char=13500|end_char=13510
2398	to,	_	_	_	_	2397	_	_	start_char=13511|end_char=13514
2399	my	_	_	_	_	2398	_	_	start_char=13515|end_char=13517
2400	passionate	_	_	_	_	2399	_	_	start_char=13518|end_char=13528
2401	enthusiasm	_	_	_	_	2400	_	_	start_char=13529|end_char=13539
2402	for,	_	_	_	_	2401	_	_	start_char=13540|end_char=13544
2403	the	_	_	_	_	2402	_	_	start_char=13545|end_char=13548
2404	dangerous	_	_	_	_	2403	_	_	start_char=13549|end_char=13558
2405	mysteries	_	_	_	_	2404	_	_	start_char=13559|end_char=13568
2406	of	_	_	_	_	2405	_	_	start_char=13569|end_char=13571
2407	ocean	_	_	_	_	2406	_	_	start_char=13572|end_char=13577
2408	to	_	_	_	_	2407	_	_	start_char=13578|end_char=13580
2409	that	_	_	_	_	2408	_	_	start_char=13581|end_char=13585
2410	production	_	_	_	_	2409	_	_	start_char=13586|end_char=13596
2411	of	_	_	_	_	2410	_	_	start_char=13597|end_char=13599
2412	the	_	_	_	_	2411	_	_	start_char=13600|end_char=13603
2413	most	_	_	_	_	2412	_	_	start_char=13604|end_char=13608
2414	imaginative	_	_	_	_	2413	_	_	start_char=13609|end_char=13620
2415	of	_	_	_	_	2414	_	_	start_char=13621|end_char=13623
2416	modern	_	_	_	_	2415	_	_	start_char=13624|end_char=13630
2417	poets.	_	_	_	_	2416	_	_	start_char=13631|end_char=13637
2418	There	_	_	_	_	2417	_	_	start_char=13638|end_char=13643
2419	is	_	_	_	_	2418	_	_	start_char=13644|end_char=13646
2420	something	_	_	_	_	2419	_	_	start_char=13647|end_char=13656
2421	at	_	_	_	_	2420	_	_	start_char=13657|end_char=13659
2422	work	_	_	_	_	2421	_	_	start_char=13660|end_char=13664
2423	in	_	_	_	_	2422	_	_	start_char=13665|end_char=13667
2424	my	_	_	_	_	2423	_	_	start_char=13668|end_char=13670
2425	soul	_	_	_	_	2424	_	_	start_char=13671|end_char=13675
2426	which	_	_	_	_	2425	_	_	start_char=13676|end_char=13681
2427	I	_	_	_	_	2426	_	_	start_char=13682|end_char=13683
2428	do	_	_	_	_	2427	_	_	start_char=13684|end_char=13686
2429	not	_	_	_	_	2428	_	_	start_char=13687|end_char=13690
2430	understand.	_	_	_	_	2429	_	_	start_char=13691|end_char=13702
2431	I	_	_	_	_	2430	_	_	start_char=13703|end_char=13704
2432	am	_	_	_	_	2431	_	_	start_char=13705|end_char=13707
2433	practically	_	_	_	_	2432	_	_	start_char=13708|end_char=13719
2434	industrious—painstaking,	_	_	_	_	2433	_	_	start_char=13720|end_char=13744
2435	a	_	_	_	_	2434	_	_	start_char=13745|end_char=13746
2436	workman	_	_	_	_	2435	_	_	start_char=13747|end_char=13754
2437	to	_	_	_	_	2436	_	_	start_char=13755|end_char=13757
2438	execute	_	_	_	_	2437	_	_	start_char=13758|end_char=13765
2439	with	_	_	_	_	2438	_	_	start_char=13766|end_char=13770
2440	perseverance	_	_	_	_	2439	_	_	start_char=13771|end_char=13783
2441	and	_	_	_	_	2440	_	_	start_char=13784|end_char=13787
2442	labour—but	_	_	_	_	2441	_	_	start_char=13788|end_char=13798
2443	besides	_	_	_	_	2442	_	_	start_char=13799|end_char=13806
2444	this	_	_	_	_	2443	_	_	start_char=13807|end_char=13811
2445	there	_	_	_	_	2444	_	_	start_char=13812|end_char=13817
2446	is	_	_	_	_	2445	_	_	start_char=13818|end_char=13820
2447	a	_	_	_	_	2446	_	_	start_char=13821|end_char=13822
2448	love	_	_	_	_	2447	_	_	start_char=13823|end_char=13827
2449	for	_	_	_	_	2448	_	_	start_char=13828|end_char=13831
2450	the	_	_	_	_	2449	_	_	start_char=13832|end_char=13835
2451	marvellous,	_	_	_	_	2450	_	_	start_char=13836|end_char=13847
2452	a	_	_	_	_	2451	_	_	start_char=13848|end_char=13849
2453	belief	_	_	_	_	2452	_	_	start_char=13850|end_char=13856
2454	in	_	_	_	_	2453	_	_	start_char=13857|end_char=13859
2455	the	_	_	_	_	2454	_	_	start_char=13860|end_char=13863
2456	marvellous,	_	_	_	_	2455	_	_	start_char=13864|end_char=13875
2457	intertwined	_	_	_	_	2456	_	_	start_char=13876|end_char=13887
2458	in	_	_	_	_	2457	_	_	start_char=13888|end_char=13890
2459	all	_	_	_	_	2458	_	_	start_char=13891|end_char=13894
2460	my	_	_	_	_	2459	_	_	start_char=13895|end_char=13897
2461	projects,	_	_	_	_	2460	_	_	start_char=13898|end_char=13907
2462	which	_	_	_	_	2461	_	_	start_char=13908|end_char=13913
2463	hurries	_	_	_	_	2462	_	_	start_char=13914|end_char=13921
2464	me	_	_	_	_	2463	_	_	start_char=13922|end_char=13924
2465	out	_	_	_	_	2464	_	_	start_char=13925|end_char=13928
2466	of	_	_	_	_	2465	_	_	start_char=13929|end_char=13931
2467	the	_	_	_	_	2466	_	_	start_char=13932|end_char=13935
2468	common	_	_	_	_	2467	_	_	start_char=13936|end_char=13942
2469	pathways	_	_	_	_	2468	_	_	start_char=13943|end_char=13951
2470	of	_	_	_	_	2469	_	_	start_char=13952|end_char=13954
2471	men,	_	_	_	_	2470	_	_	start_char=13955|end_char=13959
2472	even	_	_	_	_	2471	_	_	start_char=13960|end_char=13964
2473	to	_	_	_	_	2472	_	_	start_char=13965|end_char=13967
2474	the	_	_	_	_	2473	_	_	start_char=13968|end_char=13971
2475	wild	_	_	_	_	2474	_	_	start_char=13972|end_char=13976
2476	sea	_	_	_	_	2475	_	_	start_char=13977|end_char=13980
2477	and	_	_	_	_	2476	_	_	start_char=13981|end_char=13984
2478	unvisited	_	_	_	_	2477	_	_	start_char=13985|end_char=13994
2479	regions	_	_	_	_	2478	_	_	start_char=13995|end_char=14002
2480	I	_	_	_	_	2479	_	_	start_char=14003|end_char=14004
2481	am	_	_	_	_	2480	_	_	start_char=14005|end_char=14007
2482	about	_	_	_	_	2481	_	_	start_char=14008|end_char=14013
2483	to	_	_	_	_	2482	_	_	start_char=14014|end_char=14016
2484	explore.	_	_	_	_	2483	_	_	start_char=14017|end_char=14025
2485	But	_	_	_	_	2484	_	_	start_char=14026|end_char=14029
2486	to	_	_	_	_	2485	_	_	start_char=14030|end_char=14032
2487	return	_	_	_	_	2486	_	_	start_char=14033|end_char=14039
2488	to	_	_	_	_	2487	_	_	start_char=14040|end_char=14042
2489	dearer	_	_	_	_	2488	_	_	start_char=14043|end_char=14049
2490	considerations.	_	_	_	_	2489	_	_	start_char=14050|end_char=14065
2491	Shall	_	_	_	_	2490	_	_	start_char=14066|end_char=14071
2492	I	_	_	_	_	2491	_	_	start_char=14072|end_char=14073
2493	meet	_	_	_	_	2492	_	_	start_char=14074|end_char=14078
2494	you	_	_	_	_	2493	_	_	start_char=14079|end_char=14082
2495	again,	_	_	_	_	2494	_	_	start_char=14083|end_char=14089
2496	after	_	_	_	_	2495	_	_	start_char=14090|end_char=14095
2497	having	_	_	_	_	2496	_	_	start_char=14096|end_char=14102
2498	traversed	_	_	_	_	2497	_	_	start_char=14103|end_char=14112
2499	immense	_	_	_	_	2498	_	_	start_char=14113|end_char=14120
2500	seas,	_	_	_	_	2499	_	_	start_char=14121|end_char=14126
2501	and	_	_	_	_	2500	_	_	start_char=14127|end_char=14130
2502	returned	_	_	_	_	2501	_	_	start_char=14131|end_char=14139
2503	by	_	_	_	_	2502	_	_	start_char=14140|end_char=14142
2504	the	_	_	_	_	2503	_	_	start_char=14143|end_char=14146
2505	most	_	_	_	_	2504	_	_	start_char=14147|end_char=14151
2506	southern	_	_	_	_	2505	_	_	start_char=14152|end_char=14160
2507	cape	_	_	_	_	2506	_	_	start_char=14161|end_char=14165
2508	of	_	_	_	_	2507	_	_	start_char=14166|end_char=14168
2509	Africa	_	_	_	_	2508	_	_	start_char=14169|end_char=14175
2510	or	_	_	_	_	2509	_	_	start_char=14176|end_char=14178
2511	America?	_	_	_	_	2510	_	_	start_char=14179|end_char=14187
2512	I	_	_	_	_	2511	_	_	start_char=14188|end_char=14189
2513	dare	_	_	_	_	2512	_	_	start_char=14190|end_char=14194
2514	not	_	_	_	_	2513	_	_	start_char=14195|end_char=14198
2515	expect	_	_	_	_	2514	_	_	start_char=14199|end_char=14205
2516	such	_	_	_	_	2515	_	_	start_char=14206|end_char=14210
2517	success,	_	_	_	_	2516	_	_	start_char=14211|end_char=14219
2518	yet	_	_	_	_	2517	_	_	start_char=14220|end_char=14223
2519	I	_	_	_	_	2518	_	_	start_char=14224|end_char=14225
2520	cannot	_	_	_	_	2519	_	_	start_char=14226|end_char=14232
2521	bear	_	_	_	_	2520	_	_	start_char=14233|end_char=14237
2522	to	_	_	_	_	2521	_	_	start_char=14238|end_char=14240
2523	look	_	_	_	_	2522	_	_	start_char=14241|end_char=14245
2524	on	_	_	_	_	2523	_	_	start_char=14246|end_char=14248
2525	the	_	_	_	_	2524	_	_	start_char=14249|end_char=14252
2526	reverse	_	_	_	_	2525	_	_	start_char=14253|end_char=14260
2527	of	_	_	_	_	2526	_	_	start_char=14261|end_char=14263
2528	the	_	_	_	_	2527	_	_	start_char=14264|end_char=14267
2529	picture.	_	_	_	_	2528	_	_	start_char=14268|end_char=14276
2530	Continue	_	_	_	_	2529	_	_	start_char=14277|end_char=14285
2531	for	_	_	_	_	2530	_	_	start_char=14286|end_char=14289
2532	the	_	_	_	_	2531	_	_	start_char=14290|end_char=14293
2533	present	_	_	_	_	2532	_	_	start_char=14294|end_char=14301
2534	to	_	_	_	_	2533	_	_	start_char=14302|end_char=14304
2535	write	_	_	_	_	2534	_	_	start_char=14305|end_char=14310
2536	to	_	_	_	_	2535	_	_	start_char=14311|end_char=14313
2537	me	_	_	_	_	2536	_	_	start_char=14314|end_char=14316
2538	by	_	_	_	_	2537	_	_	start_char=14317|end_char=14319
2539	every	_	_	_	_	2538	_	_	start_char=14320|end_char=14325
2540	opportunity:	_	_	_	_	2539	_	_	start_char=14326|end_char=14338
2541	I	_	_	_	_	2540	_	_	start_char=14339|end_char=14340
2542	may	_	_	_	_	2541	_	_	start_char=14341|end_char=14344
2543	receive	_	_	_	_	2542	_	_	start_char=14345|end_char=14352
2544	your	_	_	_	_	2543	_	_	start_char=14353|end_char=14357
2545	letters	_	_	_	_	2544	_	_	start_char=14358|end_char=14365
2546	on	_	_	_	_	2545	_	_	start_char=14366|end_char=14368
2547	some	_	_	_	_	2546	_	_	start_char=14369|end_char=14373
2548	occasions	_	_	_	_	2547	_	_	start_char=14374|end_char=14383
2549	when	_	_	_	_	2548	_	_	start_char=14384|end_char=14388
2550	I	_	_	_	_	2549	_	_	start_char=14389|end_char=14390
2551	need	_	_	_	_	2550	_	_	start_char=14391|end_char=14395
2552	them	_	_	_	_	2551	_	_	start_char=14396|end_char=14400
2553	most	_	_	_	_	2552	_	_	start_char=14401|end_char=14405
2554	to	_	_	_	_	2553	_	_	start_char=14406|end_char=14408
2555	support	_	_	_	_	2554	_	_	start_char=14409|end_char=14416
2556	my	_	_	_	_	2555	_	_	start_char=14417|end_char=14419
2557	spirits.	_	_	_	_	2556	_	_	start_char=14420|end_char=14428
2558	I	_	_	_	_	2557	_	_	start_char=14429|end_char=14430
2559	love	_	_	_	_	2558	_	_	start_char=14431|end_char=14435
2560	you	_	_	_	_	2559	_	_	start_char=14436|end_char=14439
2561	very	_	_	_	_	2560	_	_	start_char=14440|end_char=14444
2562	tenderly.	_	_	_	_	2561	_	_	start_char=14445|end_char=14454
2563	Remember	_	_	_	_	2562	_	_	start_char=14455|end_char=14463
2564	me	_	_	_	_	2563	_	_	start_char=14464|end_char=14466
2565	with	_	_	_	_	2564	_	_	start_char=14467|end_char=14471
2566	affection,	_	_	_	_	2565	_	_	start_char=14472|end_char=14482
2567	should	_	_	_	_	2566	_	_	start_char=14483|end_char=14489
2568	you	_	_	_	_	2567	_	_	start_char=14490|end_char=14493
2569	never	_	_	_	_	2568	_	_	start_char=14494|end_char=14499
2570	hear	_	_	_	_	2569	_	_	start_char=14500|end_char=14504
2571	from	_	_	_	_	2570	_	_	start_char=14505|end_char=14509
2572	me	_	_	_	_	2571	_	_	start_char=14510|end_char=14512
2573	again.	_	_	_	_	2572	_	_	start_char=14513|end_char=14519
2574	Your	_	_	_	_	2573	_	_	start_char=14520|end_char=14524
2575	affectionate	_	_	_	_	2574	_	_	start_char=14525|end_char=14537
2576	brother,	_	_	_	_	2575	_	_	start_char=14538|end_char=14546
2577	Robert	_	_	_	_	2576	_	_	start_char=14547|end_char=14553
2578	Walton	_	_	_	_	2577	_	_	start_char=14554|end_char=14560
2579	Letter	_	_	_	_	2578	_	_	start_char=14561|end_char=14567
2580	3	_	_	_	_	2579	_	_	start_char=14568|end_char=14569
2581	_To	_	_	_	_	2580	_	_	start_char=14570|end_char=14573
2582	Mrs.	_	_	_	_	2581	_	_	start_char=14574|end_char=14578
2583	Saville,	_	_	_	_	2582	_	_	start_char=14579|end_char=14587
2584	England._	_	_	_	_	2583	_	_	start_char=14588|end_char=14597
2585	July	_	_	_	_	2584	_	_	start_char=14598|end_char=14602
2586	7th,	_	_	_	_	2585	_	_	start_char=14603|end_char=14607
2587	17—.	_	_	_	_	2586	_	_	start_char=14608|end_char=14612
2588	My	_	_	_	_	2587	_	_	start_char=14613|end_char=14615
2589	dear	_	_	_	_	2588	_	_	start_char=14616|end_char=14620
2590	Sister,	_	_	_	_	2589	_	_	start_char=14621|end_char=14628
2591	I	_	_	_	_	2590	_	_	start_char=14629|end_char=14630
2592	write	_	_	_	_	2591	_	_	start_char=14631|end_char=14636
2593	a	_	_	_	_	2592	_	_	start_char=14637|end_char=14638
2594	few	_	_	_	_	2593	_	_	start_char=14639|end_char=14642
2595	lines	_	_	_	_	2594	_	_	start_char=14643|end_char=14648
2596	in	_	_	_	_	2595	_	_	start_char=14649|end_char=14651
2597	haste	_	_	_	_	2596	_	_	start_char=14652|end_char=14657
2598	to	_	_	_	_	2597	_	_	start_char=14658|end_char=14660
2599	say	_	_	_	_	2598	_	_	start_char=14661|end_char=14664
2600	that	_	_	_	_	2599	_	_	start_char=14665|end_char=14669
2601	I	_	_	_	_	2600	_	_	start_char=14670|end_char=14671
2602	am	_	_	_	_	2601	_	_	start_char=14672|end_char=14674
2603	safe—and	_	_	_	_	2602	_	_	start_char=14675|end_char=14683
2604	well	_	_	_	_	2603	_	_	start_char=14684|end_char=14688
2605	advanced	_	_	_	_	2604	_	_	start_char=14689|end_char=14697
2606	on	_	_	_	_	2605	_	_	start_char=14698|end_char=14700
2607	my	_	_	_	_	2606	_	_	start_char=14701|end_char=14703
2608	voyage.	_	_	_	_	2607	_	_	start_char=14704|end_char=14711
2609	This	_	_	_	_	2608	_	_	start_char=14712|end_char=14716
2610	letter	_	_	_	_	2609	_	_	start_char=14717|end_char=14723
2611	will	_	_	_	_	2610	_	_	start_char=14724|end_char=14728
2612	reach	_	_	_	_	2611	_	_	start_char=14729|end_char=14734
2613	England	_	_	_	_	2612	_	_	start_char=14735|end_char=14742
2614	by	_	_	_	_	2613	_	_	start_char=14743|end_char=14745
2615	a	_	_	_	_	2614	_	_	start_char=14746|end_char=14747
2616	merchantman	_	_	_	_	2615	_	_	start_char=14748|end_char=14759
2617	now	_	_	_	_	2616	_	_	start_char=14760|end_char=14763
2618	on	_	_	_	_	2617	_	_	start_char=14764|end_char=14766
2619	its	_	_	_	_	2618	_	_	start_char=14767|end_char=14770
2620	homeward	_	_	_	_	2619	_	_	start_char=14771|end_char=14779
2621	voyage	_	_	_	_	2620	_	_	start_char=14780|end_char=14786
2622	from	_	_	_	_	2621	_	_	start_char=14787|end_char=14791
2623	Archangel;	_	_	_	_	2622	_	_	start_char=14792|end_char=14802
2624	more	_	_	_	_	2623	_	_	start_char=14803|end_char=14807
2625	fortunate	_	_	_	_	2624	_	_	start_char=14808|end_char=14817
2626	than	_	_	_	_	2625	_	_	start_char=14818|end_char=14822
2627	I,	_	_	_	_	2626	_	_	start_char=14823|end_char=14825
2628	who	_	_	_	_	2627	_	_	start_char=14826|end_char=14829
2629	may	_	_	_	_	2628	_	_	start_char=14830|end_char=14833
2630	not	_	_	_	_	2629	_	_	start_char=14834|end_char=14837
2631	see	_	_	_	_	2630	_	_	start_char=14838|end_char=14841
2632	my	_	_	_	_	2631	_	_	start_char=14842|end_char=14844
2633	native	_	_	_	_	2632	_	_	start_char=14845|end_char=14851
2634	land,	_	_	_	_	2633	_	_	start_char=14852|end_char=14857
2635	perhaps,	_	_	_	_	2634	_	_	start_char=14858|end_char=14866
2636	for	_	_	_	_	2635	_	_	start_char=14867|end_char=14870
2637	many	_	_	_	_	2636	_	_	start_char=14871|end_char=14875
2638	years.	_	_	_	_	2637	_	_	start_char=14876|end_char=14882
2639	I	_	_	_	_	2638	_	_	start_char=14883|end_char=14884
2640	am,	_	_	_	_	2639	_	_	start_char=14885|end_char=14888
2641	however,	_	_	_	_	2640	_	_	start_char=14889|end_char=14897
2642	in	_	_	_	_	2641	_	_	start_char=14898|end_char=14900
2643	good	_	_	_	_	2642	_	_	start_char=14901|end_char=14905
2644	spirits:	_	_	_	_	2643	_	_	start_char=14906|end_char=14914
2645	my	_	_	_	_	2644	_	_	start_char=14915|end_char=14917
2646	men	_	_	_	_	2645	_	_	start_char=14918|end_char=14921
2647	are	_	_	_	_	2646	_	_	start_char=14922|end_char=14925
2648	bold	_	_	_	_	2647	_	_	start_char=14926|end_char=14930
2649	and	_	_	_	_	2648	_	_	start_char=14931|end_char=14934
2650	apparently	_	_	_	_	2649	_	_	start_char=14935|end_char=14945
2651	firm	_	_	_	_	2650	_	_	start_char=14946|end_char=14950
2652	of	_	_	_	_	2651	_	_	start_char=14951|end_char=14953
2653	purpose,	_	_	_	_	2652	_	_	start_char=14954|end_char=14962
2654	nor	_	_	_	_	2653	_	_	start_char=14963|end_char=14966
2655	do	_	_	_	_	2654	_	_	start_char=14967|end_char=14969
2656	the	_	_	_	_	2655	_	_	start_char=14970|end_char=14973
2657	floating	_	_	_	_	2656	_	_	start_char=14974|end_char=14982
2658	sheets	_	_	_	_	2657	_	_	start_char=14983|end_char=14989
2659	of	_	_	_	_	2658	_	_	start_char=14990|end_char=14992
2660	ice	_	_	_	_	2659	_	_	start_char=14993|end_char=14996
2661	that	_	_	_	_	2660	_	_	start_char=14997|end_char=15001
2662	continually	_	_	_	_	2661	_	_	start_char=15002|end_char=15013
2663	pass	_	_	_	_	2662	_	_	start_char=15014|end_char=15018
2664	us,	_	_	_	_	2663	_	_	start_char=15019|end_char=15022
2665	indicating	_	_	_	_	2664	_	_	start_char=15023|end_char=15033
2666	the	_	_	_	_	2665	_	_	start_char=15034|end_char=15037
2667	dangers	_	_	_	_	2666	_	_	start_char=15038|end_char=15045
2668	of	_	_	_	_	2667	_	_	start_char=15046|end_char=15048
2669	the	_	_	_	_	2668	_	_	start_char=15049|end_char=15052
2670	region	_	_	_	_	2669	_	_	start_char=15053|end_char=15059
2671	towards	_	_	_	_	2670	_	_	start_char=15060|end_char=15067
2672	which	_	_	_	_	2671	_	_	start_char=15068|end_char=15073
2673	we	_	_	_	_	2672	_	_	start_char=15074|end_char=15076
2674	are	_	_	_	_	2673	_	_	start_char=15077|end_char=15080
2675	advancing,	_	_	_	_	2674	_	_	start_char=15081|end_char=15091
2676	appear	_	_	_	_	2675	_	_	start_char=15092|end_char=15098
2677	to	_	_	_	_	2676	_	_	start_char=15099|end_char=15101
2678	dismay	_	_	_	_	2677	_	_	start_char=15102|end_char=15108
2679	them.	_	_	_	_	2678	_	_	start_char=15109|end_char=15114
2680	We	_	_	_	_	2679	_	_	start_char=15115|end_char=15117
2681	have	_	_	_	_	2680	_	_	start_char=15118|end_char=15122
2682	already	_	_	_	_	2681	_	_	start_char=15123|end_char=15130
2683	reached	_	_	_	_	2682	_	_	start_char=15131|end_char=15138
2684	a	_	_	_	_	2683	_	_	start_char=15139|end_char=15140
2685	very	_	_	_	_	2684	_	_	start_char=15141|end_char=15145
2686	high	_	_	_	_	2685	_	_	start_char=15146|end_char=15150
2687	latitude;	_	_	_	_	2686	_	_	start_char=15151|end_char=15160
2688	but	_	_	_	_	2687	_	_	start_char=15161|end_char=15164
2689	it	_	_	_	_	2688	_	_	start_char=15165|end_char=15167
2690	is	_	_	_	_	2689	_	_	start_char=15168|end_char=15170
2691	the	_	_	_	_	2690	_	_	start_char=15171|end_char=15174
2692	height	_	_	_	_	2691	_	_	start_char=15175|end_char=15181
2693	of	_	_	_	_	2692	_	_	start_char=15182|end_char=15184
2694	summer,	_	_	_	_	2693	_	_	start_char=15185|end_char=15192
2695	and	_	_	_	_	2694	_	_	start_char=15193|end_char=15196
2696	although	_	_	_	_	2695	_	_	start_char=15197|end_char=15205
2697	not	_	_	_	_	2696	_	_	start_char=15206|end_char=15209
2698	so	_	_	_	_	2697	_	_	start_char=15210|end_char=15212
2699	warm	_	_	_	_	2698	_	_	start_char=15213|end_char=15217
2700	as	_	_	_	_	2699	_	_	start_char=15218|end_char=15220
2701	in	_	_	_	_	2700	_	_	start_char=15221|end_char=15223
2702	England,	_	_	_	_	2701	_	_	start_char=15224|end_char=15232
2703	the	_	_	_	_	2702	_	_	start_char=15233|end_char=15236
2704	southern	_	_	_	_	2703	_	_	start_char=15237|end_char=15245
2705	gales,	_	_	_	_	2704	_	_	start_char=15246|end_char=15252
2706	which	_	_	_	_	2705	_	_	start_char=15253|end_char=15258
2707	blow	_	_	_	_	2706	_	_	start_char=15259|end_char=15263
2708	us	_	_	_	_	2707	_	_	start_char=15264|end_char=15266
2709	speedily	_	_	_	_	2708	_	_	start_char=15267|end_char=15275
2710	towards	_	_	_	_	2709	_	_	start_char=15276|end_char=15283
2711	those	_	_	_	_	2710	_	_	start_char=15284|end_char=15289
2712	shores	_	_	_	_	2711	_	_	start_char=15290|end_char=15296
2713	which	_	_	_	_	2712	_	_	start_char=15297|end_char=15302
2714	I	_	_	_	_	2713	_	_	start_char=15303|end_char=15304
2715	so	_	_	_	_	2714	_	_	start_char=15305|end_char=15307
2716	ardently	_	_	_	_	2715	_	_	start_char=15308|end_char=15316
2717	desire	_	_	_	_	2716	_	_	start_char=15317|end_char=15323
2718	to	_	_	_	_	2717	_	_	start_char=15324|end_char=15326
2719	attain,	_	_	_	_	2718	_	_	start_char=15327|end_char=15334
2720	breathe	_	_	_	_	2719	_	_	start_char=15335|end_char=15342
2721	a	_	_	_	_	2720	_	_	start_char=15343|end_char=15344
2722	degree	_	_	_	_	2721	_	_	start_char=15345|end_char=15351
2723	of	_	_	_	_	2722	_	_	start_char=15352|end_char=15354
2724	renovating	_	_	_	_	2723	_	_	start_char=15355|end_char=15365
2725	warmth	_	_	_	_	2724	_	_	start_char=15366|end_char=15372
2726	which	_	_	_	_	2725	_	_	start_char=15373|end_char=15378
2727	I	_	_	_	_	2726	_	_	start_char=15379|end_char=15380
2728	had	_	_	_	_	2727	_	_	start_char=15381|end_char=15384
2729	not	_	_	_	_	2728	_	_	start_char=15385|end_char=15388
2730	expected.	_	_	_	_	2729	_	_	start_char=15389|end_char=15398
2731	No	_	_	_	_	2730	_	_	start_char=15399|end_char=15401
2732	incidents	_	_	_	_	2731	_	_	start_char=15402|end_char=15411
2733	have	_	_	_	_	2732	_	_	start_char=15412|end_char=15416
2734	hitherto	_	_	_	_	2733	_	_	start_char=15417|end_char=15425
2735	befallen	_	_	_	_	2734	_	_	start_char=15426|end_char=15434
2736	us	_	_	_	_	2735	_	_	start_char=15435|end_char=15437
2737	that	_	_	_	_	2736	_	_	start_char=15438|end_char=15442
2738	would	_	_	_	_	2737	_	_	start_char=15443|end_char=15448
2739	make	_	_	_	_	2738	_	_	start_char=15449|end_char=15453
2740	a	_	_	_	_	2739	_	_	start_char=15454|end_char=15455
2741	figure	_	_	_	_	2740	_	_	start_char=15456|end_char=15462
2742	in	_	_	_	_	2741	_	_	start_char=15463|end_char=15465
2743	a	_	_	_	_	2742	_	_	start_char=15466|end_char=15467
2744	letter.	_	_	_	_	2743	_	_	start_char=15468|end_char=15475
2745	One	_	_	_	_	2744	_	_	start_char=15476|end_char=15479
2746	or	_	_	_	_	2745	_	_	start_char=15480|end_char=15482
2747	two	_	_	_	_	2746	_	_	start_char=15483|end_char=15486
2748	stiff	_	_	_	_	2747	_	_	start_char=15487|end_char=15492
2749	gales	_	_	_	_	2748	_	_	start_char=15493|end_char=15498
2750	and	_	_	_	_	2749	_	_	start_char=15499|end_char=15502
2751	the	_	_	_	_	2750	_	_	start_char=15503|end_char=15506
2752	springing	_	_	_	_	2751	_	_	start_char=15507|end_char=15516
2753	of	_	_	_	_	2752	_	_	start_char=15517|end_char=15519
2754	a	_	_	_	_	2753	_	_	start_char=15520|end_char=15521
2755	leak	_	_	_	_	2754	_	_	start_char=15522|end_char=15526
2756	are	_	_	_	_	2755	_	_	start_char=15527|end_char=15530
2757	accidents	_	_	_	_	2756	_	_	start_char=15531|end_char=15540
2758	which	_	_	_	_	2757	_	_	start_char=15541|end_char=15546
2759	experienced	_	_	_	_	2758	_	_	start_char=15547|end_char=15558
2760	navigators	_	_	_	_	2759	_	_	start_char=15559|end_char=15569
2761	scarcely	_	_	_	_	2760	_	_	start_char=15570|end_char=15578
2762	remember	_	_	_	_	2761	_	_	start_char=15579|end_char=15587
2763	to	_	_	_	_	2762	_	_	start_char=15588|end_char=15590
2764	record,	_	_	_	_	2763	_	_	start_char=15591|end_char=15598
2765	and	_	_	_	_	2764	_	_	start_char=15599|end_char=15602
2766	I	_	_	_	_	2765	_	_	start_char=15603|end_char=15604
2767	shall	_	_	_	_	2766	_	_	start_char=15605|end_char=15610
2768	be	_	_	_	_	2767	_	_	start_char=15611|end_char=15613
2769	well	_	_	_	_	2768	_	_	start_char=15614|end_char=15618
2770	content	_	_	_	_	2769	_	_	start_char=15619|end_char=15626
2771	if	_	_	_	_	2770	_	_	start_char=15627|end_char=15629
2772	nothing	_	_	_	_	2771	_	_	start_char=15630|end_char=15637
2773	worse	_	_	_	_	2772	_	_	start_char=15638|end_char=15643
2774	happen	_	_	_	_	2773	_	_	start_char=15644|end_char=15650
2775	to	_	_	_	_	2774	_	_	start_char=15651|end_char=15653
2776	us	_	_	_	_	2775	_	_	start_char=15654|end_char=15656
2777	during	_	_	_	_	2776	_	_	start_char=15657|end_char=15663
2778	our	_	_	_	_	2777	_	_	start_char=15664|end_char=15667
2779	voyage.	_	_	_	_	2778	_	_	start_char=15668|end_char=15675
2780	Adieu,	_	_	_	_	2779	_	_	start_char=15676|end_char=15682
2781	my	_	_	_	_	2780	_	_	start_char=15683|end_char=15685
2782	dear	_	_	_	_	2781	_	_	start_char=15686|end_char=15690
2783	Margaret.	_	_	_	_	2782	_	_	start_char=15691|end_char=15700
2784	Be	_	_	_	_	2783	_	_	start_char=15701|end_char=15703
2785	assured	_	_	_	_	2784	_	_	start_char=15704|end_char=15711
2786	that	_	_	_	_	2785	_	_	start_char=15712|end_char=15716
2787	for	_	_	_	_	2786	_	_	start_char=15717|end_char=15720
2788	my	_	_	_	_	2787	_	_	start_char=15721|end_char=15723
2789	own	_	_	_	_	2788	_	_	start_char=15724|end_char=15727
2790	sake,	_	_	_	_	2789	_	_	start_char=15728|end_char=15733
2791	as	_	_	_	_	2790	_	_	start_char=15734|end_char=15736
2792	well	_	_	_	_	2791	_	_	start_char=15737|end_char=15741
2793	as	_	_	_	_	2792	_	_	start_char=15742|end_char=15744
2794	yours,	_	_	_	_	2793	_	_	start_char=15745|end_char=15751
2795	I	_	_	_	_	2794	_	_	start_char=15752|end_char=15753
2796	will	_	_	_	_	2795	_	_	start_char=15754|end_char=15758
2797	not	_	_	_	_	2796	_	_	start_char=15759|end_char=15762
2798	rashly	_	_	_	_	2797	_	_	start_char=15763|end_char=15769
2799	encounter	_	_	_	_	2798	_	_	start_char=15770|end_char=15779
2800	danger.	_	_	_	_	2799	_	_	start_char=15780|end_char=15787
2801	I	_	_	_	_	2800	_	_	start_char=15788|end_char=15789
2802	will	_	_	_	_	2801	_	_	start_char=15790|end_char=15794
2803	be	_	_	_	_	2802	_	_	start_char=15795|end_char=15797
2804	cool,	_	_	_	_	2803	_	_	start_char=15798|end_char=15803
2805	persevering,	_	_	_	_	2804	_	_	start_char=15804|end_char=15816
2806	and	_	_	_	_	2805	_	_	start_char=15817|end_char=15820
2807	prudent.	_	_	_	_	2806	_	_	start_char=15821|end_char=15829
2808	But	_	_	_	_	2807	_	_	start_char=15830|end_char=15833
2809	success	_	_	_	_	2808	_	_	start_char=15834|end_char=15841
2810	_shall_	_	_	_	_	2809	_	_	start_char=15842|end_char=15849
2811	crown	_	_	_	_	2810	_	_	start_char=15850|end_char=15855
2812	my	_	_	_	_	2811	_	_	start_char=15856|end_char=15858
2813	endeavours.	_	_	_	_	2812	_	_	start_char=15859|end_char=15870
2814	Wherefore	_	_	_	_	2813	_	_	start_char=15871|end_char=15880
2815	not?	_	_	_	_	2814	_	_	start_char=15881|end_char=15885
2816	Thus	_	_	_	_	2815	_	_	start_char=15886|end_char=15890
2817	far	_	_	_	_	2816	_	_	start_char=15891|end_char=15894
2818	I	_	_	_	_	2817	_	_	start_char=15895|end_char=15896
2819	have	_	_	_	_	2818	_	_	start_char=15897|end_char=15901
2820	gone,	_	_	_	_	2819	_	_	start_char=15902|end_char=15907
2821	tracing	_	_	_	_	2820	_	_	start_char=15908|end_char=15915
2822	a	_	_	_	_	2821	_	_	start_char=15916|end_char=15917
2823	secure	_	_	_	_	2822	_	_	start_char=15918|end_char=15924
2824	way	_	_	_	_	2823	_	_	start_char=15925|end_char=15928
2825	over	_	_	_	_	2824	_	_	start_char=15929|end_char=15933
2826	the	_	_	_	_	2825	_	_	start_char=15934|end_char=15937
2827	pathless	_	_	_	_	2826	_	_	start_char=15938|end_char=15946
2828	seas,	_	_	_	_	2827	_	_	start_char=15947|end_char=15952
2829	the	_	_	_	_	2828	_	_	start_char=15953|end_char=15956
2830	very	_	_	_	_	2829	_	_	start_char=15957|end_char=15961
2831	stars	_	_	_	_	2830	_	_	start_char=15962|end_char=15967
2832	themselves	_	_	_	_	2831	_	_	start_char=15968|end_char=15978
2833	being	_	_	_	_	2832	_	_	start_char=15979|end_char=15984
2834	witnesses	_	_	_	_	2833	_	_	start_char=15985|end_char=15994
2835	and	_	_	_	_	2834	_	_	start_char=15995|end_char=15998
2836	testimonies	_	_	_	_	2835	_	_	start_char=15999|end_char=16010
2837	of	_	_	_	_	2836	_	_	start_char=16011|end_char=16013
2838	my	_	_	_	_	2837	_	_	start_char=16014|end_char=16016
2839	triumph.	_	_	_	_	2838	_	_	start_char=16017|end_char=16025
2840	Why	_	_	_	_	2839	_	_	start_char=16026|end_char=16029
2841	not	_	_	_	_	2840	_	_	start_char=16030|end_char=16033
2842	still	_	_	_	_	2841	_	_	start_char=16034|end_char=16039
2843	proceed	_	_	_	_	2842	_	_	start_char=16040|end_char=16047
2844	over	_	_	_	_	2843	_	_	start_char=16048|end_char=16052
2845	the	_	_	_	_	2844	_	_	start_char=16053|end_char=16056
2846	untamed	_	_	_	_	2845	_	_	start_char=16057|end_char=16064
2847	yet	_	_	_	_	2846	_	_	start_char=16065|end_char=16068
2848	obedient	_	_	_	_	2847	_	_	start_char=16069|end_char=16077
2849	element?	_	_	_	_	2848	_	_	start_char=16078|end_char=16086
2850	What	_	_	_	_	2849	_	_	start_char=16087|end_char=16091
2851	can	_	_	_	_	2850	_	_	start_char=16092|end_char=16095
2852	stop	_	_	_	_	2851	_	_	start_char=16096|end_char=16100
2853	the	_	_	_	_	2852	_	_	start_char=16101|end_char=16104
2854	determined	_	_	_	_	2853	_	_	start_char=16105|end_char=16115
2855	heart	_	_	_	_	2854	_	_	start_char=16116|end_char=16121
2856	and	_	_	_	_	2855	_	_	start_char=16122|end_char=16125
2857	resolved	_	_	_	_	2856	_	_	start_char=16126|end_char=16134
2858	will	_	_	_	_	2857	_	_	start_char=16135|end_char=16139
2859	of	_	_	_	_	2858	_	_	start_char=16140|end_char=16142
2860	man?	_	_	_	_	2859	_	_	start_char=16143|end_char=16147
2861	My	_	_	_	_	2860	_	_	start_char=16148|end_char=16150
2862	swelling	_	_	_	_	2861	_	_	start_char=16151|end_char=16159
2863	heart	_	_	_	_	2862	_	_	start_char=16160|end_char=16165
2864	involuntarily	_	_	_	_	2863	_	_	start_char=16166|end_char=16179
2865	pours	_	_	_	_	2864	_	_	start_char=16180|end_char=16185
2866	itself	_	_	_	_	2865	_	_	start_char=16186|end_char=16192
2867	out	_	_	_	_	2866	_	_	start_char=16193|end_char=16196
2868	thus.	_	_	_	_	2867	_	_	start_char=16197|end_char=16202
2869	But	_	_	_	_	2868	_	_	start_char=16203|end_char=16206
2870	I	_	_	_	_	2869	_	_	start_char=16207|end_char=16208
2871	must	_	_	_	_	2870	_	_	start_char=16209|end_char=16213
2872	finish.	_	_	_	_	2871	_	_	start_char=16214|end_char=16221
2873	Heaven	_	_	_	_	2872	_	_	start_char=16222|end_char=16228
2874	bless	_	_	_	_	2873	_	_	start_char=16229|end_char=16234
2875	my	_	_	_	_	2874	_	_	start_char=16235|end_char=16237
2876	beloved	_	_	_	_	2875	_	_	start_char=16238|end_char=16245
2877	sister!	_	_	_	_	2876	_	_	start_char=16246|end_char=16253
2878	R.W.	_	_	_	_	2877	_	_	start_char=16254|end_char=16258
2879	Letter	_	_	_	_	2878	_	_	start_char=16259|end_char=16265
2880	4	_	_	_	_	2879	_	_	start_char=16266|end_char=16267
2881	_To	_	_	_	_	2880	_	_	start_char=16268|end_char=16271
2882	Mrs.	_	_	_	_	2881	_	_	start_char=16272|end_char=16276
2883	Saville,	_	_	_	_	2882	_	_	start_char=16277|end_char=16285
2884	England._	_	_	_	_	2883	_	_	start_char=16286|end_char=16295
2885	August	_	_	_	_	2884	_	_	start_char=16296|end_char=16302
2886	5th,	_	_	_	_	2885	_	_	start_char=16303|end_char=16307
2887	17—.	_	_	_	_	2886	_	_	start_char=16308|end_char=16312
2888	So	_	_	_	_	2887	_	_	start_char=16313|end_char=16315
2889	strange	_	_	_	_	2888	_	_	start_char=16316|end_char=16323
2890	an	_	_	_	_	2889	_	_	start_char=16324|end_char=16326
2891	accident	_	_	_	_	2890	_	_	start_char=16327|end_char=16335
2892	has	_	_	_	_	2891	_	_	start_char=16336|end_char=16339
2893	happened	_	_	_	_	2892	_	_	start_char=16340|end_char=16348
2894	to	_	_	_	_	2893	_	_	start_char=16349|end_char=16351
2895	us	_	_	_	_	2894	_	_	start_char=16352|end_char=16354
2896	that	_	_	_	_	2895	_	_	start_char=16355|end_char=16359
2897	I	_	_	_	_	2896	_	_	start_char=16360|end_char=16361
2898	cannot	_	_	_	_	2897	_	_	start_char=16362|end_char=16368
2899	forbear	_	_	_	_	2898	_	_	start_char=16369|end_char=16376
2900	recording	_	_	_	_	2899	_	_	start_char=16377|end_char=16386
2901	it,	_	_	_	_	2900	_	_	start_char=16387|end_char=16390
2902	although	_	_	_	_	2901	_	_	start_char=16391|end_char=16399
2903	it	_	_	_	_	2902	_	_	start_char=16400|end_char=16402
2904	is	_	_	_	_	2903	_	_	start_char=16403|end_char=16405
2905	very	_	_	_	_	2904	_	_	start_char=16406|end_char=16410
2906	probable	_	_	_	_	2905	_	_	start_char=16411|end_char=16419
2907	that	_	_	_	_	2906	_	_	start_char=16420|end_char=16424
2908	you	_	_	_	_	2907	_	_	start_char=16425|end_char=16428
2909	will	_	_	_	_	2908	_	_	start_char=16429|end_char=16433
2910	see	_	_	_	_	2909	_	_	start_char=16434|end_char=16437
2911	me	_	_	_	_	2910	_	_	start_char=16438|end_char=16440
2912	before	_	_	_	_	2911	_	_	start_char=16441|end_char=16447
2913	these	_	_	_	_	2912	_	_	start_char=16448|end_char=16453
2914	papers	_	_	_	_	2913	_	_	start_char=16454|end_char=16460
2915	can	_	_	_	_	2914	_	_	start_char=16461|end_char=16464
2916	come	_	_	_	_	2915	_	_	start_char=16465|end_char=16469
2917	into	_	_	_	_	2916	_	_	start_char=16470|end_char=16474
2918	your	_	_	_	_	2917	_	_	start_char=16475|end_char=16479
2919	possession.	_	_	_	_	2918	_	_	start_char=16480|end_char=16491
2920	Last	_	_	_	_	2919	_	_	start_char=16492|end_char=16496
2921	Monday	_	_	_	_	2920	_	_	start_char=16497|end_char=16503
2922	(July	_	_	_	_	2921	_	_	start_char=16504|end_char=16509
2923	31st)	_	_	_	_	2922	_	_	start_char=16510|end_char=16515
2924	we	_	_	_	_	2923	_	_	start_char=16516|end_char=16518
2925	were	_	_	_	_	2924	_	_	start_char=16519|end_char=16523
2926	nearly	_	_	_	_	2925	_	_	start_char=16524|end_char=16530
2927	surrounded	_	_	_	_	2926	_	_	start_char=16531|end_char=16541
2928	by	_	_	_	_	2927	_	_	start_char=16542|end_char=16544
2929	ice,	_	_	_	_	2928	_	_	start_char=16545|end_char=16549
2930	which	_	_	_	_	2929	_	_	start_char=16550|end_char=16555
2931	closed	_	_	_	_	2930	_	_	start_char=16556|end_char=16562
2932	in	_	_	_	_	2931	_	_	start_char=16563|end_char=16565
2933	the	_	_	_	_	2932	_	_	start_char=16566|end_char=16569
2934	ship	_	_	_	_	2933	_	_	start_char=16570|end_char=16574
2935	on	_	_	_	_	2934	_	_	start_char=16575|end_char=16577
2936	all	_	_	_	_	2935	_	_	start_char=16578|end_char=16581
2937	sides,	_	_	_	_	2936	_	_	start_char=16582|end_char=16588
2938	scarcely	_	_	_	_	2937	_	_	start_char=16589|end_char=16597
2939	leaving	_	_	_	_	2938	_	_	start_char=16598|end_char=16605
2940	her	_	_	_	_	2939	_	_	start_char=16606|end_char=16609
2941	the	_	_	_	_	2940	_	_	start_char=16610|end_char=16613
2942	sea-room	_	_	_	_	2941	_	_	start_char=16614|end_char=16622
2943	in	_	_	_	_	2942	_	_	start_char=16623|end_char=16625
2944	which	_	_	_	_	2943	_	_	start_char=16626|end_char=16631
2945	she	_	_	_	_	2944	_	_	start_char=16632|end_char=16635
2946	floated.	_	_	_	_	2945	_	_	start_char=16636|end_char=16644
2947	Our	_	_	_	_	2946	_	_	start_char=16645|end_char=16648
2948	situation	_	_	_	_	2947	_	_	start_char=16649|end_char=16658
2949	was	_	_	_	_	2948	_	_	start_char=16659|end_char=16662
2950	somewhat	_	_	_	_	2949	_	_	start_char=16663|end_char=16671
2951	dangerous,	_	_	_	_	2950	_	_	start_char=16672|end_char=16682
2952	especially	_	_	_	_	2951	_	_	start_char=16683|end_char=16693
2953	as	_	_	_	_	2952	_	_	start_char=16694|end_char=16696
2954	we	_	_	_	_	2953	_	_	start_char=16697|end_char=16699
2955	were	_	_	_	_	2954	_	_	start_char=16700|end_char=16704
2956	compassed	_	_	_	_	2955	_	_	start_char=16705|end_char=16714
2957	round	_	_	_	_	2956	_	_	start_char=16715|end_char=16720
2958	by	_	_	_	_	2957	_	_	start_char=16721|end_char=16723
2959	a	_	_	_	_	2958	_	_	start_char=16724|end_char=16725
2960	very	_	_	_	_	2959	_	_	start_char=16726|end_char=16730
2961	thick	_	_	_	_	2960	_	_	start_char=16731|end_char=16736
2962	fog.	_	_	_	_	2961	_	_	start_char=16737|end_char=16741
2963	We	_	_	_	_	2962	_	_	start_char=16742|end_char=16744
2964	accordingly	_	_	_	_	2963	_	_	start_char=16745|end_char=16756
2965	lay	_	_	_	_	2964	_	_	start_char=16757|end_char=16760
2966	to,	_	_	_	_	2965	_	_	start_char=16761|end_char=16764
2967	hoping	_	_	_	_	2966	_	_	start_char=16765|end_char=16771
2968	that	_	_	_	_	2967	_	_	start_char=16772|end_char=16776
2969	some	_	_	_	_	2968	_	_	start_char=16777|end_char=16781
2970	change	_	_	_	_	2969	_	_	start_char=16782|end_char=16788
2971	would	_	_	_	_	2970	_	_	start_char=16789|end_char=16794
2972	take	_	_	_	_	2971	_	_	start_char=16795|end_char=16799
2973	place	_	_	_	_	2972	_	_	start_char=16800|end_char=16805
2974	in	_	_	_	_	2973	_	_	start_char=16806|end_char=16808
2975	the	_	_	_	_	2974	_	_	start_char=16809|end_char=16812
2976	atmosphere	_	_	_	_	2975	_	_	start_char=16813|end_char=16823
2977	and	_	_	_	_	2976	_	_	start_char=16824|end_char=16827
2978	weather.	_	_	_	_	2977	_	_	start_char=16828|end_char=16836
2979	About	_	_	_	_	2978	_	_	start_char=16837|end_char=16842
2980	two	_	_	_	_	2979	_	_	start_char=16843|end_char=16846
2981	o’clock	_	_	_	_	2980	_	_	start_char=16847|end_char=16854
2982	the	_	_	_	_	2981	_	_	start_char=16855|end_char=16858
2983	mist	_	_	_	_	2982	_	_	start_char=16859|end_char=16863
2984	cleared	_	_	_	_	2983	_	_	start_char=16864|end_char=16871
2985	away,	_	_	_	_	2984	_	_	start_char=16872|end_char=16877
2986	and	_	_	_	_	2985	_	_	start_char=16878|end_char=16881
2987	we	_	_	_	_	2986	_	_	start_char=16882|end_char=16884
2988	beheld,	_	_	_	_	2987	_	_	start_char=16885|end_char=16892
2989	stretched	_	_	_	_	2988	_	_	start_char=16893|end_char=16902
2990	out	_	_	_	_	2989	_	_	start_char=16903|end_char=16906
2991	in	_	_	_	_	2990	_	_	start_char=16907|end_char=16909
2992	every	_	_	_	_	2991	_	_	start_char=16910|end_char=16915
2993	direction,	_	_	_	_	2992	_	_	start_char=16916|end_char=16926
2994	vast	_	_	_	_	2993	_	_	start_char=16927|end_char=16931
2995	and	_	_	_	_	2994	_	_	start_char=16932|end_char=16935
2996	irregular	_	_	_	_	2995	_	_	start_char=16936|end_char=16945
2997	plains	_	_	_	_	2996	_	_	start_char=16946|end_char=16952
2998	of	_	_	_	_	2997	_	_	start_char=16953|end_char=16955
2999	ice,	_	_	_	_	2998	_	_	start_char=16956|end_char=16960
3000	which	_	_	_	_	2999	_	_	start_char=16961|end_char=16966
3001	seemed	_	_	_	_	3000	_	_	start_char=16967|end_char=16973
3002	to	_	_	_	_	3001	_	_	start_char=16974|end_char=16976
3003	have	_	_	_	_	3002	_	_	start_char=16977|end_char=16981
3004	no	_	_	_	_	3003	_	_	start_char=16982|end_char=16984
3005	end.	_	_	_	_	3004	_	_	start_char=16985|end_char=16989
3006	Some	_	_	_	_	3005	_	_	start_char=16990|end_char=16994
3007	of	_	_	_	_	3006	_	_	start_char=16995|end_char=16997
3008	my	_	_	_	_	3007	_	_	start_char=16998|end_char=17000
3009	comrades	_	_	_	_	3008	_	_	start_char=17001|end_char=17009
3010	groaned,	_	_	_	_	3009	_	_	start_char=17010|end_char=17018
3011	and	_	_	_	_	3010	_	_	start_char=17019|end_char=17022
3012	my	_	_	_	_	3011	_	_	start_char=17023|end_char=17025
3013	own	_	_	_	_	3012	_	_	start_char=17026|end_char=17029
3014	mind	_	_	_	_	3013	_	_	start_char=17030|end_char=17034
3015	began	_	_	_	_	3014	_	_	start_char=17035|end_char=17040
3016	to	_	_	_	_	3015	_	_	start_char=17041|end_char=17043
3017	grow	_	_	_	_	3016	_	_	start_char=17044|end_char=17048
3018	watchful	_	_	_	_	3017	_	_	start_char=17049|end_char=17057
3019	with	_	_	_	_	3018	_	_	start_char=17058|end_char=17062
3020	anxious	_	_	_	_	3019	_	_	start_char=17063|end_char=17070
3021	thoughts,	_	_	_	_	3020	_	_	start_char=17071|end_char=17080
3022	when	_	_	_	_	3021	_	_	start_char=17081|end_char=17085
3023	a	_	_	_	_	3022	_	_	start_char=17086|end_char=17087
3024	strange	_	_	_	_	3023	_	_	start_char=17088|end_char=17095
3025	sight	_	_	_	_	3024	_	_	start_char=17096|end_char=17101
3026	suddenly	_	_	_	_	3025	_	_	start_char=17102|end_char=17110
3027	attracted	_	_	_	_	3026	_	_	start_char=17111|end_char=17120
3028	our	_	_	_	_	3027	_	_	start_char=17121|end_char=17124
3029	attention	_	_	_	_	3028	_	_	start_char=17125|end_char=17134
3030	and	_	_	_	_	3029	_	_	start_char=17135|end_char=17138
3031	diverted	_	_	_	_	3030	_	_	start_char=17139|end_char=17147
3032	our	_	_	_	_	3031	_	_	start_char=17148|end_char=17151
3033	solicitude	_	_	_	_	3032	_	_	start_char=17152|end_char=17162
3034	from	_	_	_	_	3033	_	_	start_char=17163|end_char=17167
3035	our	_	_	_	_	3034	_	_	start_char=17168|end_char=17171
3036	own	_	_	_	_	3035	_	_	start_char=17172|end_char=17175
3037	situation.	_	_	_	_	3036	_	_	start_char=17176|end_char=17186
3038	We	_	_	_	_	3037	_	_	start_char=17187|end_char=17189
3039	perceived	_	_	_	_	3038	_	_	start_char=17190|end_char=17199
3040	a	_	_	_	_	3039	_	_	start_char=17200|end_char=17201
3041	low	_	_	_	_	3040	_	_	start_char=17202|end_char=17205
3042	carriage,	_	_	_	_	3041	_	_	start_char=17206|end_char=17215
3043	fixed	_	_	_	_	3042	_	_	start_char=17216|end_char=17221
3044	on	_	_	_	_	3043	_	_	start_char=17222|end_char=17224
3045	a	_	_	_	_	3044	_	_	start_char=17225|end_char=17226
3046	sledge	_	_	_	_	3045	_	_	start_char=17227|end_char=17233
3047	and	_	_	_	_	3046	_	_	start_char=17234|end_char=17237
3048	drawn	_	_	_	_	3047	_	_	start_char=17238|end_char=17243
3049	by	_	_	_	_	3048	_	_	start_char=17244|end_char=17246
3050	dogs,	_	_	_	_	3049	_	_	start_char=17247|end_char=17252
3051	pass	_	_	_	_	3050	_	_	start_char=17253|end_char=17257
3052	on	_	_	_	_	3051	_	_	start_char=17258|end_char=17260
3053	towards	_	_	_	_	3052	_	_	start_char=17261|end_char=17268
3054	the	_	_	_	_	3053	_	_	start_char=17269|end_char=17272
3055	north,	_	_	_	_	3054	_	_	start_char=17273|end_char=17279
3056	at	_	_	_	_	3055	_	_	start_char=17280|end_char=17282
3057	the	_	_	_	_	3056	_	_	start_char=17283|end_char=17286
3058	distance	_	_	_	_	3057	_	_	start_char=17287|end_char=17295
3059	of	_	_	_	_	3058	_	_	start_char=17296|end_char=17298
3060	half	_	_	_	_	3059	_	_	start_char=17299|end_char=17303
3061	a	_	_	_	_	3060	_	_	start_char=17304|end_char=17305
3062	mile;	_	_	_	_	3061	_	_	start_char=17306|end_char=17311
3063	a	_	_	_	_	3062	_	_	start_char=17312|end_char=17313
3064	being	_	_	_	_	3063	_	_	start_char=17314|end_char=17319
3065	which	_	_	_	_	3064	_	_	start_char=17320|end_char=17325
3066	had	_	_	_	_	3065	_	_	start_char=17326|end_char=17329
3067	the	_	_	_	_	3066	_	_	start_char=17330|end_char=17333
3068	shape	_	_	_	_	3067	_	_	start_char=17334|end_char=17339
3069	of	_	_	_	_	3068	_	_	start_char=17340|end_char=17342
3070	a	_	_	_	_	3069	_	_	start_char=17343|end_char=17344
3071	man,	_	_	_	_	3070	_	_	start_char=17345|end_char=17349
3072	but	_	_	_	_	3071	_	_	start_char=17350|end_char=17353
3073	apparently	_	_	_	_	3072	_	_	start_char=17354|end_char=17364
3074	of	_	_	_	_	3073	_	_	start_char=17365|end_char=17367
3075	gigantic	_	_	_	_	3074	_	_	start_char=17368|end_char=17376
3076	stature,	_	_	_	_	3075	_	_	start_char=17377|end_char=17385
3077	sat	_	_	_	_	3076	_	_	start_char=17386|end_char=17389
3078	in	_	_	_	_	3077	_	_	start_char=17390|end_char=17392
3079	the	_	_	_	_	3078	_	_	start_char=17393|end_char=17396
3080	sledge	_	_	_	_	3079	_	_	start_char=17397|end_char=17403
3081	and	_	_	_	_	3080	_	_	start_char=17404|end_char=17407
3082	guided	_	_	_	_	3081	_	_	start_char=17408|end_char=17414
3083	the	_	_	_	_	3082	_	_	start_char=17415|end_char=17418
3084	dogs.	_	_	_	_	3083	_	_	start_char=17419|end_char=17424
3085	We	_	_	_	_	3084	_	_	start_char=17425|end_char=17427
3086	watched	_	_	_	_	3085	_	_	start_char=17428|end_char=17435
3087	the	_	_	_	_	3086	_	_	start_char=17436|end_char=17439
3088	rapid	_	_	_	_	3087	_	_	start_char=17440|end_char=17445
3089	progress	_	_	_	_	3088	_	_	start_char=17446|end_char=17454
3090	of	_	_	_	_	3089	_	_	start_char=17455|end_char=17457
3091	the	_	_	_	_	3090	_	_	start_char=17458|end_char=17461
3092	traveller	_	_	_	_	3091	_	_	start_char=17462|end_char=17471
3093	with	_	_	_	_	3092	_	_	start_char=17472|end_char=17476
3094	our	_	_	_	_	3093	_	_	start_char=17477|end_char=17480
3095	telescopes	_	_	_	_	3094	_	_	start_char=17481|end_char=17491
3096	until	_	_	_	_	3095	_	_	start_char=17492|end_char=17497
3097	he	_	_	_	_	3096	_	_	start_char=17498|end_char=17500
3098	was	_	_	_	_	3097	_	_	start_char=17501|end_char=17504
3099	lost	_	_	_	_	3098	_	_	start_char=17505|end_char=17509
3100	among	_	_	_	_	3099	_	_	start_char=17510|end_char=17515
3101	the	_	_	_	_	3100	_	_	start_char=17516|end_char=17519
3102	distant	_	_	_	_	3101	_	_	start_char=17520|end_char=17527
3103	inequalities	_	_	_	_	3102	_	_	start_char=17528|end_char=17540
3104	of	_	_	_	_	3103	_	_	start_char=17541|end_char=17543
3105	the	_	_	_	_	3104	_	_	start_char=17544|end_char=17547
3106	ice.	_	_	_	_	3105	_	_	start_char=17548|end_char=17552
3107	This	_	_	_	_	3106	_	_	start_char=17553|end_char=17557
3108	appearance	_	_	_	_	3107	_	_	start_char=17558|end_char=17568
3109	excited	_	_	_	_	3108	_	_	start_char=17569|end_char=17576
3110	our	_	_	_	_	3109	_	_	start_char=17577|end_char=17580
3111	unqualified	_	_	_	_	3110	_	_	start_char=17581|end_char=17592
3112	wonder.	_	_	_	_	3111	_	_	start_char=17593|end_char=17600
3113	We	_	_	_	_	3112	_	_	start_char=17601|end_char=17603
3114	were,	_	_	_	_	3113	_	_	start_char=17604|end_char=17609
3115	as	_	_	_	_	3114	_	_	start_char=17610|end_char=17612
3116	we	_	_	_	_	3115	_	_	start_char=17613|end_char=17615
3117	believed,	_	_	_	_	3116	_	_	start_char=17616|end_char=17625
3118	many	_	_	_	_	3117	_	_	start_char=17626|end_char=17630
3119	hundred	_	_	_	_	3118	_	_	start_char=17631|end_char=17638
3120	miles	_	_	_	_	3119	_	_	start_char=17639|end_char=17644
3121	from	_	_	_	_	3120	_	_	start_char=17645|end_char=17649
3122	any	_	_	_	_	3121	_	_	start_char=17650|end_char=17653
3123	land;	_	_	_	_	3122	_	_	start_char=17654|end_char=17659
3124	but	_	_	_	_	3123	_	_	start_char=17660|end_char=17663
3125	this	_	_	_	_	3124	_	_	start_char=17664|end_char=17668
3126	apparition	_	_	_	_	3125	_	_	start_char=17669|end_char=17679
3127	seemed	_	_	_	_	3126	_	_	start_char=17680|end_char=17686
3128	to	_	_	_	_	3127	_	_	start_char=17687|end_char=17689
3129	denote	_	_	_	_	3128	_	_	start_char=17690|end_char=17696
3130	that	_	_	_	_	3129	_	_	start_char=17697|end_char=17701
3131	it	_	_	_	_	3130	_	_	start_char=17702|end_char=17704
3132	was	_	_	_	_	3131	_	_	start_char=17705|end_char=17708
3133	not,	_	_	_	_	3132	_	_	start_char=17709|end_char=17713
3134	in	_	_	_	_	3133	_	_	start_char=17714|end_char=17716
3135	reality,	_	_	_	_	3134	_	_	start_char=17717|end_char=17725
3136	so	_	_	_	_	3135	_	_	start_char=17726|end_char=17728
3137	distant	_	_	_	_	3136	_	_	start_char=17729|end_char=17736
3138	as	_	_	_	_	3137	_	_	start_char=17737|end_char=17739
3139	we	_	_	_	_	3138	_	_	start_char=17740|end_char=17742
3140	had	_	_	_	_	3139	_	_	start_char=17743|end_char=17746
3141	supposed.	_	_	_	_	3140	_	_	start_char=17747|end_char=17756
3142	Shut	_	_	_	_	3141	_	_	start_char=17757|end_char=17761
3143	in,	_	_	_	_	3142	_	_	start_char=17762|end_char=17765
3144	however,	_	_	_	_	3143	_	_	start_char=17766|end_char=17774
3145	by	_	_	_	_	3144	_	_	start_char=17775|end_char=17777
3146	ice,	_	_	_	_	3145	_	_	start_char=17778|end_char=17782
3147	it	_	_	_	_	3146	_	_	start_char=17783|end_char=17785
3148	was	_	_	_	_	3147	_	_	start_char=17786|end_char=17789
3149	impossible	_	_	_	_	3148	_	_	start_char=17790|end_char=17800
3150	to	_	_	_	_	3149	_	_	start_char=17801|end_char=17803
3151	follow	_	_	_	_	3150	_	_	start_char=17804|end_char=17810
3152	his	_	_	_	_	3151	_	_	start_char=17811|end_char=17814
3153	track,	_	_	_	_	3152	_	_	start_char=17815|end_char=17821
3154	which	_	_	_	_	3153	_	_	start_char=17822|end_char=17827
3155	we	_	_	_	_	3154	_	_	start_char=17828|end_char=17830
3156	had	_	_	_	_	3155	_	_	start_char=17831|end_char=17834
3157	observed	_	_	_	_	3156	_	_	start_char=17835|end_char=17843
3158	with	_	_	_	_	3157	_	_	start_char=17844|end_char=17848
3159	the	_	_	_	_	3158	_	_	start_char=17849|end_char=17852
3160	greatest	_	_	_	_	3159	_	_	start_char=17853|end_char=17861
3161	attention.	_	_	_	_	3160	_	_	start_char=17862|end_char=17872
3162	About	_	_	_	_	3161	_	_	start_char=17873|end_char=17878
3163	two	_	_	_	_	3162	_	_	start_char=17879|end_char=17882
3164	hours	_	_	_	_	3163	_	_	start_char=17883|end_char=17888
3165	after	_	_	_	_	3164	_	_	start_char=17889|end_char=17894
3166	this	_	_	_	_	3165	_	_	start_char=17895|end_char=17899
3167	occurrence	_	_	_	_	3166	_	_	start_char=17900|end_char=17910
3168	we	_	_	_	_	3167	_	_	start_char=17911|end_char=17913
3169	heard	_	_	_	_	3168	_	_	start_char=17914|end_char=17919
3170	the	_	_	_	_	3169	_	_	start_char=17920|end_char=17923
3171	ground	_	_	_	_	3170	_	_	start_char=17924|end_char=17930
3172	sea,	_	_	_	_	3171	_	_	start_char=17931|end_char=17935
3173	and	_	_	_	_	3172	_	_	start_char=17936|end_char=17939
3174	before	_	_	_	_	3173	_	_	start_char=17940|end_char=17946
3175	night	_	_	_	_	3174	_	_	start_char=17947|end_char=17952
3176	the	_	_	_	_	3175	_	_	start_char=17953|end_char=17956
3177	ice	_	_	_	_	3176	_	_	start_char=17957|end_char=17960
3178	broke	_	_	_	_	3177	_	_	start_char=17961|end_char=17966
3179	and	_	_	_	_	3178	_	_	start_char=17967|end_char=17970
3180	freed	_	_	_	_	3179	_	_	start_char=17971|end_char=17976
3181	our	_	_	_	_	3180	_	_	start_char=17977|end_char=17980
3182	ship.	_	_	_	_	3181	_	_	start_char=17981|end_char=17986
3183	We,	_	_	_	_	3182	_	_	start_char=17987|end_char=17990
3184	however,	_	_	_	_	3183	_	_	start_char=17991|end_char=17999
3185	lay	_	_	_	_	3184	_	_	start_char=18000|end_char=18003
3186	to	_	_	_	_	3185	_	_	start_char=18004|end_char=18006
3187	until	_	_	_	_	3186	_	_	start_char=18007|end_char=18012
3188	the	_	_	_	_	3187	_	_	start_char=18013|end_char=18016
3189	morning,	_	_	_	_	3188	_	_	start_char=18017|end_char=18025
3190	fearing	_	_	_	_	3189	_	_	start_char=18026|end_char=18033
3191	to	_	_	_	_	3190	_	_	start_char=18034|end_char=18036
3192	encounter	_	_	_	_	3191	_	_	start_char=18037|end_char=18046
3193	in	_	_	_	_	3192	_	_	start_char=18047|end_char=18049
3194	the	_	_	_	_	3193	_	_	start_char=18050|end_char=18053
3195	dark	_	_	_	_	3194	_	_	start_char=18054|end_char=18058
3196	those	_	_	_	_	3195	_	_	start_char=18059|end_char=18064
3197	large	_	_	_	_	3196	_	_	start_char=18065|end_char=18070
3198	loose	_	_	_	_	3197	_	_	start_char=18071|end_char=18076
3199	masses	_	_	_	_	3198	_	_	start_char=18077|end_char=18083
3200	which	_	_	_	_	3199	_	_	start_char=18084|end_char=18089
3201	float	_	_	_	_	3200	_	_	start_char=18090|end_char=18095
3202	about	_	_	_	_	3201	_	_	start_char=18096|end_char=18101
3203	after	_	_	_	_	3202	_	_	start_char=18102|end_char=18107
3204	the	_	_	_	_	3203	_	_	start_char=18108|end_char=18111
3205	breaking	_	_	_	_	3204	_	_	start_char=18112|end_char=18120
3206	up	_	_	_	_	3205	_	_	start_char=18121|end_char=18123
3207	of	_	_	_	_	3206	_	_	start_char=18124|end_char=18126
3208	the	_	_	_	_	3207	_	_	start_char=18127|end_char=18130
3209	ice.	_	_	_	_	3208	_	_	start_char=18131|end_char=18135
3210	I	_	_	_	_	3209	_	_	start_char=18136|end_char=18137
3211	profited	_	_	_	_	3210	_	_	start_char=18138|end_char=18146
3212	of	_	_	_	_	3211	_	_	start_char=18147|end_char=18149
3213	this	_	_	_	_	3212	_	_	start_char=18150|end_char=18154
3214	time	_	_	_	_	3213	_	_	start_char=18155|end_char=18159
3215	to	_	_	_	_	3214	_	_	start_char=18160|end_char=18162
3216	rest	_	_	_	_	3215	_	_	start_char=18163|end_char=18167
3217	for	_	_	_	_	3216	_	_	start_char=18168|end_char=18171
3218	a	_	_	_	_	3217	_	_	start_char=18172|end_char=18173
3219	few	_	_	_	_	3218	_	_	start_char=18174|end_char=18177
3220	hours.	_	_	_	_	3219	_	_	start_char=18178|end_char=18184
3221	In	_	_	_	_	3220	_	_	start_char=18185|end_char=18187
3222	the	_	_	_	_	3221	_	_	start_char=18188|end_char=18191
3223	morning,	_	_	_	_	3222	_	_	start_char=18192|end_char=18200
3224	however,	_	_	_	_	3223	_	_	start_char=18201|end_char=18209
3225	as	_	_	_	_	3224	_	_	start_char=18210|end_char=18212
3226	soon	_	_	_	_	3225	_	_	start_char=18213|end_char=18217
3227	as	_	_	_	_	3226	_	_	start_char=18218|end_char=18220
3228	it	_	_	_	_	3227	_	_	start_char=18221|end_char=18223
3229	was	_	_	_	_	3228	_	_	start_char=18224|end_char=18227
3230	light,	_	_	_	_	3229	_	_	start_char=18228|end_char=18234
3231	I	_	_	_	_	3230	_	_	start_char=18235|end_char=18236
3232	went	_	_	_	_	3231	_	_	start_char=18237|end_char=18241
3233	upon	_	_	_	_	3232	_	_	start_char=18242|end_char=18246
3234	deck	_	_	_	_	3233	_	_	start_char=18247|end_char=18251
3235	and	_	_	_	_	3234	_	_	start_char=18252|end_char=18255
3236	found	_	_	_	_	3235	_	_	start_char=18256|end_char=18261
3237	all	_	_	_	_	3236	_	_	start_char=18262|end_char=18265
3238	the	_	_	_	_	3237	_	_	start_char=18266|end_char=18269
3239	sailors	_	_	_	_	3238	_	_	start_char=18270|end_char=18277
3240	busy	_	_	_	_	3239	_	_	start_char=18278|end_char=18282
3241	on	_	_	_	_	3240	_	_	start_char=18283|end_char=18285
3242	one	_	_	_	_	3241	_	_	start_char=18286|end_char=18289
3243	side	_	_	_	_	3242	_	_	start_char=18290|end_char=18294
3244	of	_	_	_	_	3243	_	_	start_char=18295|end_char=18297
3245	the	_	_	_	_	3244	_	_	start_char=18298|end_char=18301
3246	vessel,	_	_	_	_	3245	_	_	start_char=18302|end_char=18309
3247	apparently	_	_	_	_	3246	_	_	start_char=18310|end_char=18320
3248	talking	_	_	_	_	3247	_	_	start_char=18321|end_char=18328
3249	to	_	_	_	_	3248	_	_	start_char=18329|end_char=18331
3250	someone	_	_	_	_	3249	_	_	start_char=18332|end_char=18339
3251	in	_	_	_	_	3250	_	_	start_char=18340|end_char=18342
3252	the	_	_	_	_	3251	_	_	start_char=18343|end_char=18346
3253	sea.	_	_	_	_	3252	_	_	start_char=18347|end_char=18351
3254	It	_	_	_	_	3253	_	_	start_char=18352|end_char=18354
3255	was,	_	_	_	_	3254	_	_	start_char=18355|end_char=18359
3256	in	_	_	_	_	3255	_	_	start_char=18360|end_char=18362
3257	fact,	_	_	_	_	3256	_	_	start_char=18363|end_char=18368
3258	a	_	_	_	_	3257	_	_	start_char=18369|end_char=18370
3259	sledge,	_	_	_	_	3258	_	_	start_char=18371|end_char=18378
3260	like	_	_	_	_	3259	_	_	start_char=18379|end_char=18383
3261	that	_	_	_	_	3260	_	_	start_char=18384|end_char=18388
3262	we	_	_	_	_	3261	_	_	start_char=18389|end_char=18391
3263	had	_	_	_	_	3262	_	_	start_char=18392|end_char=18395
3264	seen	_	_	_	_	3263	_	_	start_char=18396|end_char=18400
3265	before,	_	_	_	_	3264	_	_	start_char=18401|end_char=18408
3266	which	_	_	_	_	3265	_	_	start_char=18409|end_char=18414
3267	had	_	_	_	_	3266	_	_	start_char=18415|end_char=18418
3268	drifted	_	_	_	_	3267	_	_	start_char=18419|end_char=18426
3269	towards	_	_	_	_	3268	_	_	start_char=18427|end_char=18434
3270	us	_	_	_	_	3269	_	_	start_char=18435|end_char=18437
3271	in	_	_	_	_	3270	_	_	start_char=18438|end_char=18440
3272	the	_	_	_	_	3271	_	_	start_char=18441|end_char=18444
3273	night	_	_	_	_	3272	_	_	start_char=18445|end_char=18450
3274	on	_	_	_	_	3273	_	_	start_char=18451|end_char=18453
3275	a	_	_	_	_	3274	_	_	start_char=18454|end_char=18455
3276	large	_	_	_	_	3275	_	_	start_char=18456|end_char=18461
3277	fragment	_	_	_	_	3276	_	_	start_char=18462|end_char=18470
3278	of	_	_	_	_	3277	_	_	start_char=18471|end_char=18473
3279	ice.	_	_	_	_	3278	_	_	start_char=18474|end_char=18478
3280	Only	_	_	_	_	3279	_	_	start_char=18479|end_char=18483
3281	one	_	_	_	_	3280	_	_	start_char=18484|end_char=18487
3282	dog	_	_	_	_	3281	_	_	start_char=18488|end_char=18491
3283	remained	_	_	_	_	3282	_	_	start_char=18492|end_char=18500
3284	alive;	_	_	_	_	3283	_	_	start_char=18501|end_char=18507
3285	but	_	_	_	_	3284	_	_	start_char=18508|end_char=18511
3286	there	_	_	_	_	3285	_	_	start_char=18512|end_char=18517
3287	was	_	_	_	_	3286	_	_	start_char=18518|end_char=18521
3288	a	_	_	_	_	3287	_	_	start_char=18522|end_char=18523
3289	human	_	_	_	_	3288	_	_	start_char=18524|end_char=18529
3290	being	_	_	_	_	3289	_	_	start_char=18530|end_char=18535
3291	within	_	_	_	_	3290	_	_	start_char=18536|end_char=18542
3292	it	_	_	_	_	3291	_	_	start_char=18543|end_char=18545
3293	whom	_	_	_	_	3292	_	_	start_char=18546|end_char=18550
3294	the	_	_	_	_	3293	_	_	start_char=18551|end_char=18554
3295	sailors	_	_	_	_	3294	_	_	start_char=18555|end_char=18562
3296	were	_	_	_	_	3295	_	_	start_char=18563|end_char=18567
3297	persuading	_	_	_	_	3296	_	_	start_char=18568|end_char=18578
3298	to	_	_	_	_	3297	_	_	start_char=18579|end_char=18581
3299	enter	_	_	_	_	3298	_	_	start_char=18582|end_char=18587
3300	the	_	_	_	_	3299	_	_	start_char=18588|end_char=18591
3301	vessel.	_	_	_	_	3300	_	_	start_char=18592|end_char=18599
3302	He	_	_	_	_	3301	_	_	start_char=18600|end_char=18602
3303	was	_	_	_	_	3302	_	_	start_char=18603|end_char=18606
3304	not,	_	_	_	_	3303	_	_	start_char=18607|end_char=18611
3305	as	_	_	_	_	3304	_	_	start_char=18612|end_char=18614
3306	the	_	_	_	_	3305	_	_	start_char=18615|end_char=18618
3307	other	_	_	_	_	3306	_	_	start_char=18619|end_char=18624
3308	traveller	_	_	_	_	3307	_	_	start_char=18625|end_char=18634
3309	seemed	_	_	_	_	3308	_	_	start_char=18635|end_char=18641
3310	to	_	_	_	_	3309	_	_	start_char=18642|end_char=18644
3311	be,	_	_	_	_	3310	_	_	start_char=18645|end_char=18648
3312	a	_	_	_	_	3311	_	_	start_char=18649|end_char=18650
3313	savage	_	_	_	_	3312	_	_	start_char=18651|end_char=18657
3314	inhabitant	_	_	_	_	3313	_	_	start_char=18658|end_char=18668
3315	of	_	_	_	_	3314	_	_	start_char=18669|end_char=18671
3316	some	_	_	_	_	3315	_	_	start_char=18672|end_char=18676
3317	undiscovered	_	_	_	_	3316	_	_	start_char=18677|end_char=18689
3318	island,	_	_	_	_	3317	_	_	start_char=18690|end_char=18697
3319	but	_	_	_	_	3318	_	_	start_char=18698|end_char=18701
3320	a	_	_	_	_	3319	_	_	start_char=18702|end_char=18703
3321	European.	_	_	_	_	3320	_	_	start_char=18704|end_char=18713
3322	When	_	_	_	_	3321	_	_	start_char=18714|end_char=18718
3323	I	_	_	_	_	3322	_	_	start_char=18719|end_char=18720
3324	appeared	_	_	_	_	3323	_	_	start_char=18721|end_char=18729
3325	on	_	_	_	_	3324	_	_	start_char=18730|end_char=18732
3326	deck	_	_	_	_	3325	_	_	start_char=18733|end_char=18737
3327	the	_	_	_	_	3326	_	_	start_char=18738|end_char=18741
3328	master	_	_	_	_	3327	_	_	start_char=18742|end_char=18748
3329	said,	_	_	_	_	3328	_	_	start_char=18749|end_char=18754
3330	“Here	_	_	_	_	3329	_	_	start_char=18755|end_char=18760
3331	is	_	_	_	_	3330	_	_	start_char=18761|end_char=18763
3332	our	_	_	_	_	3331	_	_	start_char=18764|end_char=18767
3333	captain,	_	_	_	_	3332	_	_	start_char=18768|end_char=18776
3334	and	_	_	_	_	3333	_	_	start_char=18777|end_char=18780
3335	he	_	_	_	_	3334	_	_	start_char=18781|end_char=18783
3336	will	_	_	_	_	3335	_	_	start_char=18784|end_char=18788
3337	not	_	_	_	_	3336	_	_	start_char=18789|end_char=18792
3338	allow	_	_	_	_	3337	_	_	start_char=18793|end_char=18798
3339	you	_	_	_	_	3338	_	_	start_char=18799|end_char=18802
3340	to	_	_	_	_	3339	_	_	start_char=18803|end_char=18805
3341	perish	_	_	_	_	3340	_	_	start_char=18806|end_char=18812
3342	on	_	_	_	_	3341	_	_	start_char=18813|end_char=18815
3343	the	_	_	_	_	3342	_	_	start_char=18816|end_char=18819
3344	open	_	_	_	_	3343	_	_	start_char=18820|end_char=18824
3345	sea.”	_	_	_	_	3344	_	_	start_char=18825|end_char=18830
3346	On	_	_	_	_	3345	_	_	start_char=18831|end_char=18833
3347	perceiving	_	_	_	_	3346	_	_	start_char=18834|end_char=18844
3348	me,	_	_	_	_	3347	_	_	start_char=18845|end_char=18848
3349	the	_	_	_	_	3348	_	_	start_char=18849|end_char=18852
3350	stranger	_	_	_	_	3349	_	_	start_char=18853|end_char=18861
3351	addressed	_	_	_	_	3350	_	_	start_char=18862|end_char=18871
3352	me	_	_	_	_	3351	_	_	start_char=18872|end_char=18874
3353	in	_	_	_	_	3352	_	_	start_char=18875|end_char=18877
3354	English,	_	_	_	_	3353	_	_	start_char=18878|end_char=18886
3355	although	_	_	_	_	3354	_	_	start_char=18887|end_char=18895
3356	with	_	_	_	_	3355	_	_	start_char=18896|end_char=18900
3357	a	_	_	_	_	3356	_	_	start_char=18901|end_char=18902
3358	foreign	_	_	_	_	3357	_	_	start_char=18903|end_char=18910
3359	accent.	_	_	_	_	3358	_	_	start_char=18911|end_char=18918
3360	“Before	_	_	_	_	3359	_	_	start_char=18919|end_char=18926
3361	I	_	_	_	_	3360	_	_	start_char=18927|end_char=18928
3362	come	_	_	_	_	3361	_	_	start_char=18929|end_char=18933
3363	on	_	_	_	_	3362	_	_	start_char=18934|end_char=18936
3364	board	_	_	_	_	3363	_	_	start_char=18937|end_char=18942
3365	your	_	_	_	_	3364	_	_	start_char=18943|end_char=18947
3366	vessel,”	_	_	_	_	3365	_	_	start_char=18948|end_char=18956
3367	said	_	_	_	_	3366	_	_	start_char=18957|end_char=18961
3368	he,	_	_	_	_	3367	_	_	start_char=18962|end_char=18965
3369	“will	_	_	_	_	3368	_	_	start_char=18966|end_char=18971
3370	you	_	_	_	_	3369	_	_	start_char=18972|end_char=18975
3371	have	_	_	_	_	3370	_	_	start_char=18976|end_char=18980
3372	the	_	_	_	_	3371	_	_	start_char=18981|end_char=18984
3373	kindness	_	_	_	_	3372	_	_	start_char=18985|end_char=18993
3374	to	_	_	_	_	3373	_	_	start_char=18994|end_char=18996
3375	inform	_	_	_	_	3374	_	_	start_char=18997|end_char=19003
3376	me	_	_	_	_	3375	_	_	start_char=19004|end_char=19006
3377	whither	_	_	_	_	3376	_	_	start_char=19007|end_char=19014
3378	you	_	_	_	_	3377	_	_	start_char=19015|end_char=19018
3379	are	_	_	_	_	3378	_	_	start_char=19019|end_char=19022
3380	bound?”	_	_	_	_	3379	_	_	start_char=19023|end_char=19030
3381	You	_	_	_	_	3380	_	_	start_char=19031|end_char=19034
3382	may	_	_	_	_	3381	_	_	start_char=19035|end_char=19038
3383	conceive	_	_	_	_	3382	_	_	start_char=19039|end_char=19047
3384	my	_	_	_	_	3383	_	_	start_char=19048|end_char=19050
3385	astonishment	_	_	_	_	3384	_	_	start_char=19051|end_char=19063
3386	on	_	_	_	_	3385	_	_	start_char=19064|end_char=19066
3387	hearing	_	_	_	_	3386	_	_	start_char=19067|end_char=19074
3388	such	_	_	_	_	3387	_	_	start_char=19075|end_char=19079
3389	a	_	_	_	_	3388	_	_	start_char=19080|end_char=19081
3390	question	_	_	_	_	3389	_	_	start_char=19082|end_char=19090
3391	addressed	_	_	_	_	3390	_	_	start_char=19091|end_char=19100
3392	to	_	_	_	_	3391	_	_	start_char=19101|end_char=19103
3393	me	_	_	_	_	3392	_	_	start_char=19104|end_char=19106
3394	from	_	_	_	_	3393	_	_	start_char=19107|end_char=19111
3395	a	_	_	_	_	3394	_	_	start_char=19112|end_char=19113
3396	man	_	_	_	_	3395	_	_	start_char=19114|end_char=19117
3397	on	_	_	_	_	3396	_	_	start_char=19118|end_char=19120
3398	the	_	_	_	_	3397	_	_	start_char=19121|end_char=19124
3399	brink	_	_	_	_	3398	_	_	start_char=19125|end_char=19130
3400	of	_	_	_	_	3399	_	_	start_char=19131|end_char=19133
3401	destruction	_	_	_	_	3400	_	_	start_char=19134|end_char=19145
3402	and	_	_	_	_	3401	_	_	start_char=19146|end_char=19149
3403	to	_	_	_	_	3402	_	_	start_char=19150|end_char=19152
3404	whom	_	_	_	_	3403	_	_	start_char=19153|end_char=19157
3405	I	_	_	_	_	3404	_	_	start_char=19158|end_char=19159
3406	should	_	_	_	_	3405	_	_	start_char=19160|end_char=19166
3407	have	_	_	_	_	3406	_	_	start_char=19167|end_char=19171
3408	supposed	_	_	_	_	3407	_	_	start_char=19172|end_char=19180
3409	that	_	_	_	_	3408	_	_	start_char=19181|end_char=19185
3410	my	_	_	_	_	3409	_	_	start_char=19186|end_char=19188
3411	vessel	_	_	_	_	3410	_	_	start_char=19189|end_char=19195
3412	would	_	_	_	_	3411	_	_	start_char=19196|end_char=19201
3413	have	_	_	_	_	3412	_	_	start_char=19202|end_char=19206
3414	been	_	_	_	_	3413	_	_	start_char=19207|end_char=19211
3415	a	_	_	_	_	3414	_	_	start_char=19212|end_char=19213
3416	resource	_	_	_	_	3415	_	_	start_char=19214|end_char=19222
3417	which	_	_	_	_	3416	_	_	start_char=19223|end_char=19228
3418	he	_	_	_	_	3417	_	_	start_char=19229|end_char=19231
3419	would	_	_	_	_	3418	_	_	start_char=19232|end_char=19237
3420	not	_	_	_	_	3419	_	_	start_char=19238|end_char=19241
3421	have	_	_	_	_	3420	_	_	start_char=19242|end_char=19246
3422	exchanged	_	_	_	_	3421	_	_	start_char=19247|end_char=19256
3423	for	_	_	_	_	3422	_	_	start_char=19257|end_char=19260
3424	the	_	_	_	_	3423	_	_	start_char=19261|end_char=19264
3425	most	_	_	_	_	3424	_	_	start_char=19265|end_char=19269
3426	precious	_	_	_	_	3425	_	_	start_char=19270|end_char=19278
3427	wealth	_	_	_	_	3426	_	_	start_char=19279|end_char=19285
3428	the	_	_	_	_	3427	_	_	start_char=19286|end_char=19289
3429	earth	_	_	_	_	3428	_	_	start_char=19290|end_char=19295
3430	can	_	_	_	_	3429	_	_	start_char=19296|end_char=19299
3431	afford.	_	_	_	_	3430	_	_	start_char=19300|end_char=19307
3432	I	_	_	_	_	3431	_	_	start_char=19308|end_char=19309
3433	replied,	_	_	_	_	3432	_	_	start_char=19310|end_char=19318
3434	however,	_	_	_	_	3433	_	_	start_char=19319|end_char=19327
3435	that	_	_	_	_	3434	_	_	start_char=19328|end_char=19332
3436	we	_	_	_	_	3435	_	_	start_char=19333|end_char=19335
3437	were	_	_	_	_	3436	_	_	start_char=19336|end_char=19340
3438	on	_	_	_	_	3437	_	_	start_char=19341|end_char=19343
3439	a	_	_	_	_	3438	_	_	start_char=19344|end_char=19345
3440	voyage	_	_	_	_	3439	_	_	start_char=19346|end_char=19352
3441	of	_	_	_	_	3440	_	_	start_char=19353|end_char=19355
3442	discovery	_	_	_	_	3441	_	_	start_char=19356|end_char=19365
3443	towards	_	_	_	_	3442	_	_	start_char=19366|end_char=19373
3444	the	_	_	_	_	3443	_	_	start_char=19374|end_char=19377
3445	northern	_	_	_	_	3444	_	_	start_char=19378|end_char=19386
3446	pole.	_	_	_	_	3445	_	_	start_char=19387|end_char=19392
3447	Upon	_	_	_	_	3446	_	_	start_char=19393|end_char=19397
3448	hearing	_	_	_	_	3447	_	_	start_char=19398|end_char=19405
3449	this	_	_	_	_	3448	_	_	start_char=19406|end_char=19410
3450	he	_	_	_	_	3449	_	_	start_char=19411|end_char=19413
3451	appeared	_	_	_	_	3450	_	_	start_char=19414|end_char=19422
3452	satisfied	_	_	_	_	3451	_	_	start_char=19423|end_char=19432
3453	and	_	_	_	_	3452	_	_	start_char=19433|end_char=19436
3454	consented	_	_	_	_	3453	_	_	start_char=19437|end_char=19446
3455	to	_	_	_	_	3454	_	_	start_char=19447|end_char=19449
3456	come	_	_	_	_	3455	_	_	start_char=19450|end_char=19454
3457	on	_	_	_	_	3456	_	_	start_char=19455|end_char=19457
3458	board.	_	_	_	_	3457	_	_	start_char=19458|end_char=19464
3459	Good	_	_	_	_	3458	_	_	start_char=19465|end_char=19469
3460	God!	_	_	_	_	3459	_	_	start_char=19470|end_char=19474
3461	Margaret,	_	_	_	_	3460	_	_	start_char=19475|end_char=19484
3462	if	_	_	_	_	3461	_	_	start_char=19485|end_char=19487
3463	you	_	_	_	_	3462	_	_	start_char=19488|end_char=19491
3464	had	_	_	_	_	3463	_	_	start_char=19492|end_char=19495
3465	seen	_	_	_	_	3464	_	_	start_char=19496|end_char=19500
3466	the	_	_	_	_	3465	_	_	start_char=19501|end_char=19504
3467	man	_	_	_	_	3466	_	_	start_char=19505|end_char=19508
3468	who	_	_	_	_	3467	_	_	start_char=19509|end_char=19512
3469	thus	_	_	_	_	3468	_	_	start_char=19513|end_char=19517
3470	capitulated	_	_	_	_	3469	_	_	start_char=19518|end_char=19529
3471	for	_	_	_	_	3470	_	_	start_char=19530|end_char=19533
3472	his	_	_	_	_	3471	_	_	start_char=19534|end_char=19537
3473	safety,	_	_	_	_	3472	_	_	start_char=19538|end_char=19545
3474	your	_	_	_	_	3473	_	_	start_char=19546|end_char=19550
3475	surprise	_	_	_	_	3474	_	_	start_char=19551|end_char=19559
3476	would	_	_	_	_	3475	_	_	start_char=19560|end_char=19565
3477	have	_	_	_	_	3476	_	_	start_char=19566|end_char=19570
3478	been	_	_	_	_	3477	_	_	start_char=19571|end_char=19575
3479	boundless.	_	_	_	_	3478	_	_	start_char=19576|end_char=19586
3480	His	_	_	_	_	3479	_	_	start_char=19587|end_char=19590
3481	limbs	_	_	_	_	3480	_	_	start_char=19591|end_char=19596
3482	were	_	_	_	_	3481	_	_	start_char=19597|end_char=19601
3483	nearly	_	_	_	_	3482	_	_	start_char=19602|end_char=19608
3484	frozen,	_	_	_	_	3483	_	_	start_char=19609|end_char=19616
3485	and	_	_	_	_	3484	_	_	start_char=19617|end_char=19620
3486	his	_	_	_	_	3485	_	_	start_char=19621|end_char=19624
3487	body	_	_	_	_	3486	_	_	start_char=19625|end_char=19629
3488	dreadfully	_	_	_	_	3487	_	_	start_char=19630|end_char=19640
3489	emaciated	_	_	_	_	3488	_	_	start_char=19641|end_char=19650
3490	by	_	_	_	_	3489	_	_	start_char=19651|end_char=19653
3491	fatigue	_	_	_	_	3490	_	_	start_char=19654|end_char=19661
3492	and	_	_	_	_	3491	_	_	start_char=19662|end_char=19665
3493	suffering.	_	_	_	_	3492	_	_	start_char=19666|end_char=19676
3494	I	_	_	_	_	3493	_	_	start_char=19677|end_char=19678
3495	never	_	_	_	_	3494	_	_	start_char=19679|end_char=19684
3496	saw	_	_	_	_	3495	_	_	start_char=19685|end_char=19688
3497	a	_	_	_	_	3496	_	_	start_char=19689|end_char=19690
3498	man	_	_	_	_	3497	_	_	start_char=19691|end_char=19694
3499	in	_	_	_	_	3498	_	_	start_char=19695|end_char=19697
3500	so	_	_	_	_	3499	_	_	start_char=19698|end_char=19700
3501	wretched	_	_	_	_	3500	_	_	start_char=19701|end_char=19709
3502	a	_	_	_	_	3501	_	_	start_char=19710|end_char=19711
3503	condition.	_	_	_	_	3502	_	_	start_char=19712|end_char=19722
3504	We	_	_	_	_	3503	_	_	start_char=19723|end_char=19725
3505	attempted	_	_	_	_	3504	_	_	start_char=19726|end_char=19735
3506	to	_	_	_	_	3505	_	_	start_char=19736|end_char=19738
3507	carry	_	_	_	_	3506	_	_	start_char=19739|end_char=19744
3508	him	_	_	_	_	3507	_	_	start_char=19745|end_char=19748
3509	into	_	_	_	_	3508	_	_	start_char=19749|end_char=19753
3510	the	_	_	_	_	3509	_	_	start_char=19754|end_char=19757
3511	cabin,	_	_	_	_	3510	_	_	start_char=19758|end_char=19764
3512	but	_	_	_	_	3511	_	_	start_char=19765|end_char=19768
3513	as	_	_	_	_	3512	_	_	start_char=19769|end_char=19771
3514	soon	_	_	_	_	3513	_	_	start_char=19772|end_char=19776
3515	as	_	_	_	_	3514	_	_	start_char=19777|end_char=19779
3516	he	_	_	_	_	3515	_	_	start_char=19780|end_char=19782
3517	had	_	_	_	_	3516	_	_	start_char=19783|end_char=19786
3518	quitted	_	_	_	_	3517	_	_	start_char=19787|end_char=19794
3519	the	_	_	_	_	3518	_	_	start_char=19795|end_char=19798
3520	fresh	_	_	_	_	3519	_	_	start_char=19799|end_char=19804
3521	air	_	_	_	_	3520	_	_	start_char=19805|end_char=19808
3522	he	_	_	_	_	3521	_	_	start_char=19809|end_char=19811
3523	fainted.	_	_	_	_	3522	_	_	start_char=19812|end_char=19820
3524	We	_	_	_	_	3523	_	_	start_char=19821|end_char=19823
3525	accordingly	_	_	_	_	3524	_	_	start_char=19824|end_char=19835
3526	brought	_	_	_	_	3525	_	_	start_char=19836|end_char=19843
3527	him	_	_	_	_	3526	_	_	start_char=19844|end_char=19847
3528	back	_	_	_	_	3527	_	_	start_char=19848|end_char=19852
3529	to	_	_	_	_	3528	_	_	start_char=19853|end_char=19855
3530	the	_	_	_	_	3529	_	_	start_char=19856|end_char=19859
3531	deck	_	_	_	_	3530	_	_	start_char=19860|end_char=19864
3532	and	_	_	_	_	3531	_	_	start_char=19865|end_char=19868
3533	restored	_	_	_	_	3532	_	_	start_char=19869|end_char=19877
3534	him	_	_	_	_	3533	_	_	start_char=19878|end_char=19881
3535	to	_	_	_	_	3534	_	_	start_char=19882|end_char=19884
3536	animation	_	_	_	_	3535	_	_	start_char=19885|end_char=19894
3537	by	_	_	_	_	3536	_	_	start_char=19895|end_char=19897
3538	rubbing	_	_	_	_	3537	_	_	start_char=19898|end_char=19905
3539	him	_	_	_	_	3538	_	_	start_char=19906|end_char=19909
3540	with	_	_	_	_	3539	_	_	start_char=19910|end_char=19914
3541	brandy	_	_	_	_	3540	_	_	start_char=19915|end_char=19921
3542	and	_	_	_	_	3541	_	_	start_char=19922|end_char=19925
3543	forcing	_	_	_	_	3542	_	_	start_char=19926|end_char=19933
3544	him	_	_	_	_	3543	_	_	start_char=19934|end_char=19937
3545	to	_	_	_	_	3544	_	_	start_char=19938|end_char=19940
3546	swallow	_	_	_	_	3545	_	_	start_char=19941|end_char=19948
3547	a	_	_	_	_	3546	_	_	start_char=19949|end_char=19950
3548	small	_	_	_	_	3547	_	_	start_char=19951|end_char=19956
3549	quantity.	_	_	_	_	3548	_	_	start_char=19957|end_char=19966
3550	As	_	_	_	_	3549	_	_	start_char=19967|end_char=19969
3551	soon	_	_	_	_	3550	_	_	start_char=19970|end_char=19974
3552	as	_	_	_	_	3551	_	_	start_char=19975|end_char=19977
3553	he	_	_	_	_	3552	_	_	start_char=19978|end_char=19980
3554	showed	_	_	_	_	3553	_	_	start_char=19981|end_char=19987
3555	signs	_	_	_	_	3554	_	_	start_char=19988|end_char=19993
3556	of	_	_	_	_	3555	_	_	start_char=19994|end_char=19996
3557	life	_	_	_	_	3556	_	_	start_char=19997|end_char=20001
3558	we	_	_	_	_	3557	_	_	start_char=20002|end_char=20004
3559	wrapped	_	_	_	_	3558	_	_	start_char=20005|end_char=20012
3560	him	_	_	_	_	3559	_	_	start_char=20013|end_char=20016
3561	up	_	_	_	_	3560	_	_	start_char=20017|end_char=20019
3562	in	_	_	_	_	3561	_	_	start_char=20020|end_char=20022
3563	blankets	_	_	_	_	3562	_	_	start_char=20023|end_char=20031
3564	and	_	_	_	_	3563	_	_	start_char=20032|end_char=20035
3565	placed	_	_	_	_	3564	_	_	start_char=20036|end_char=20042
3566	him	_	_	_	_	3565	_	_	start_char=20043|end_char=20046
3567	near	_	_	_	_	3566	_	_	start_char=20047|end_char=20051
3568	the	_	_	_	_	3567	_	_	start_char=20052|end_char=20055
3569	chimney	_	_	_	_	3568	_	_	start_char=20056|end_char=20063
3570	of	_	_	_	_	3569	_	_	start_char=20064|end_char=20066
3571	the	_	_	_	_	3570	_	_	start_char=20067|end_char=20070
3572	kitchen	_	_	_	_	3571	_	_	start_char=20071|end_char=20078
3573	stove.	_	_	_	_	3572	_	_	start_char=20079|end_char=20085
3574	By	_	_	_	_	3573	_	_	start_char=20086|end_char=20088
3575	slow	_	_	_	_	3574	_	_	start_char=20089|end_char=20093
3576	degrees	_	_	_	_	3575	_	_	start_char=20094|end_char=20101
3577	he	_	_	_	_	3576	_	_	start_char=20102|end_char=20104
3578	recovered	_	_	_	_	3577	_	_	start_char=20105|end_char=20114
3579	and	_	_	_	_	3578	_	_	start_char=20115|end_char=20118
3580	ate	_	_	_	_	3579	_	_	start_char=20119|end_char=20122
3581	a	_	_	_	_	3580	_	_	start_char=20123|end_char=20124
3582	little	_	_	_	_	3581	_	_	start_char=20125|end_char=20131
3583	soup,	_	_	_	_	3582	_	_	start_char=20132|end_char=20137
3584	which	_	_	_	_	3583	_	_	start_char=20138|end_char=20143
3585	restored	_	_	_	_	3584	_	_	start_char=20144|end_char=20152
3586	him	_	_	_	_	3585	_	_	start_char=20153|end_char=20156
3587	wonderfully.	_	_	_	_	3586	_	_	start_char=20157|end_char=20169
3588	Two	_	_	_	_	3587	_	_	start_char=20170|end_char=20173
3589	days	_	_	_	_	3588	_	_	start_char=20174|end_char=20178
3590	passed	_	_	_	_	3589	_	_	start_char=20179|end_char=20185
3591	in	_	_	_	_	3590	_	_	start_char=20186|end_char=20188
3592	this	_	_	_	_	3591	_	_	start_char=20189|end_char=20193
3593	manner	_	_	_	_	3592	_	_	start_char=20194|end_char=20200
3594	before	_	_	_	_	3593	_	_	start_char=20201|end_char=20207
3595	he	_	_	_	_	3594	_	_	start_char=20208|end_char=20210
3596	was	_	_	_	_	3595	_	_	start_char=20211|end_char=20214
3597	able	_	_	_	_	3596	_	_	start_char=20215|end_char=20219
3598	to	_	_	_	_	3597	_	_	start_char=20220|end_char=20222
3599	speak,	_	_	_	_	3598	_	_	start_char=20223|end_char=20229
3600	and	_	_	_	_	3599	_	_	start_char=20230|end_char=20233
3601	I	_	_	_	_	3600	_	_	start_char=20234|end_char=20235
3602	often	_	_	_	_	3601	_	_	start_char=20236|end_char=20241
3603	feared	_	_	_	_	3602	_	_	start_char=20242|end_char=20248
3604	that	_	_	_	_	3603	_	_	start_char=20249|end_char=20253
3605	his	_	_	_	_	3604	_	_	start_char=20254|end_char=20257
3606	sufferings	_	_	_	_	3605	_	_	start_char=20258|end_char=20268
3607	had	_	_	_	_	3606	_	_	start_char=20269|end_char=20272
3608	deprived	_	_	_	_	3607	_	_	start_char=20273|end_char=20281
3609	him	_	_	_	_	3608	_	_	start_char=20282|end_char=20285
3610	of	_	_	_	_	3609	_	_	start_char=20286|end_char=20288
3611	understanding.	_	_	_	_	3610	_	_	start_char=20289|end_char=20303
3612	When	_	_	_	_	3611	_	_	start_char=20304|end_char=20308
3613	he	_	_	_	_	3612	_	_	start_char=20309|end_char=20311
3614	had	_	_	_	_	3613	_	_	start_char=20312|end_char=20315
3615	in	_	_	_	_	3614	_	_	start_char=20316|end_char=20318
3616	some	_	_	_	_	3615	_	_	start_char=20319|end_char=20323
3617	measure	_	_	_	_	3616	_	_	start_char=20324|end_char=20331
3618	recovered,	_	_	_	_	3617	_	_	start_char=20332|end_char=20342
3619	I	_	_	_	_	3618	_	_	start_char=20343|end_char=20344
3620	removed	_	_	_	_	3619	_	_	start_char=20345|end_char=20352
3621	him	_	_	_	_	3620	_	_	start_char=20353|end_char=20356
3622	to	_	_	_	_	3621	_	_	start_char=20357|end_char=20359
3623	my	_	_	_	_	3622	_	_	start_char=20360|end_char=20362
3624	own	_	_	_	_	3623	_	_	start_char=20363|end_char=20366
3625	cabin	_	_	_	_	3624	_	_	start_char=20367|end_char=20372
3626	and	_	_	_	_	3625	_	_	start_char=20373|end_char=20376
3627	attended	_	_	_	_	3626	_	_	start_char=20377|end_char=20385
3628	on	_	_	_	_	3627	_	_	start_char=20386|end_char=20388
3629	him	_	_	_	_	3628	_	_	start_char=20389|end_char=20392
3630	as	_	_	_	_	3629	_	_	start_char=20393|end_char=20395
3631	much	_	_	_	_	3630	_	_	start_char=20396|end_char=20400
3632	as	_	_	_	_	3631	_	_	start_char=20401|end_char=20403
3633	my	_	_	_	_	3632	_	_	start_char=20404|end_char=20406
3634	duty	_	_	_	_	3633	_	_	start_char=20407|end_char=20411
3635	would	_	_	_	_	3634	_	_	start_char=20412|end_char=20417
3636	permit.	_	_	_	_	3635	_	_	start_char=20418|end_char=20425
3637	I	_	_	_	_	3636	_	_	start_char=20426|end_char=20427
3638	never	_	_	_	_	3637	_	_	start_char=20428|end_char=20433
3639	saw	_	_	_	_	3638	_	_	start_char=20434|end_char=20437
3640	a	_	_	_	_	3639	_	_	start_char=20438|end_char=20439
3641	more	_	_	_	_	3640	_	_	start_char=20440|end_char=20444
3642	interesting	_	_	_	_	3641	_	_	start_char=20445|end_char=20456
3643	creature:	_	_	_	_	3642	_	_	start_char=20457|end_char=20466
3644	his	_	_	_	_	3643	_	_	start_char=20467|end_char=20470
3645	eyes	_	_	_	_	3644	_	_	start_char=20471|end_char=20475
3646	have	_	_	_	_	3645	_	_	start_char=20476|end_char=20480
3647	generally	_	_	_	_	3646	_	_	start_char=20481|end_char=20490
3648	an	_	_	_	_	3647	_	_	start_char=20491|end_char=20493
3649	expression	_	_	_	_	3648	_	_	start_char=20494|end_char=20504
3650	of	_	_	_	_	3649	_	_	start_char=20505|end_char=20507
3651	wildness,	_	_	_	_	3650	_	_	start_char=20508|end_char=20517
3652	and	_	_	_	_	3651	_	_	start_char=20518|end_char=20521
3653	even	_	_	_	_	3652	_	_	start_char=20522|end_char=20526
3654	madness,	_	_	_	_	3653	_	_	start_char=20527|end_char=20535
3655	but	_	_	_	_	3654	_	_	start_char=20536|end_char=20539
3656	there	_	_	_	_	3655	_	_	start_char=20540|end_char=20545
3657	are	_	_	_	_	3656	_	_	start_char=20546|end_char=20549
3658	moments	_	_	_	_	3657	_	_	start_char=20550|end_char=20557
3659	when,	_	_	_	_	3658	_	_	start_char=20558|end_char=20563
3660	if	_	_	_	_	3659	_	_	start_char=20564|end_char=20566
3661	anyone	_	_	_	_	3660	_	_	start_char=20567|end_char=20573
3662	performs	_	_	_	_	3661	_	_	start_char=20574|end_char=20582
3663	an	_	_	_	_	3662	_	_	start_char=20583|end_char=20585
3664	act	_	_	_	_	3663	_	_	start_char=20586|end_char=20589
3665	of	_	_	_	_	3664	_	_	start_char=20590|end_char=20592
3666	kindness	_	_	_	_	3665	_	_	start_char=20593|end_char=20601
3667	towards	_	_	_	_	3666	_	_	start_char=20602|end_char=20609
3668	him	_	_	_	_	3667	_	_	start_char=20610|end_char=20613
3669	or	_	_	_	_	3668	_	_	start_char=20614|end_char=20616
3670	does	_	_	_	_	3669	_	_	start_char=20617|end_char=20621
3671	him	_	_	_	_	3670	_	_	start_char=20622|end_char=20625
3672	any	_	_	_	_	3671	_	_	start_char=20626|end_char=20629
3673	the	_	_	_	_	3672	_	_	start_char=20630|end_char=20633
3674	most	_	_	_	_	3673	_	_	start_char=20634|end_char=20638
3675	trifling	_	_	_	_	3674	_	_	start_char=20639|end_char=20647
3676	service,	_	_	_	_	3675	_	_	start_char=20648|end_char=20656
3677	his	_	_	_	_	3676	_	_	start_char=20657|end_char=20660
3678	whole	_	_	_	_	3677	_	_	start_char=20661|end_char=20666
3679	countenance	_	_	_	_	3678	_	_	start_char=20667|end_char=20678
3680	is	_	_	_	_	3679	_	_	start_char=20679|end_char=20681
3681	lighted	_	_	_	_	3680	_	_	start_char=20682|end_char=20689
3682	up,	_	_	_	_	3681	_	_	start_char=20690|end_char=20693
3683	as	_	_	_	_	3682	_	_	start_char=20694|end_char=20696
3684	it	_	_	_	_	3683	_	_	start_char=20697|end_char=20699
3685	were,	_	_	_	_	3684	_	_	start_char=20700|end_char=20705
3686	with	_	_	_	_	3685	_	_	start_char=20706|end_char=20710
3687	a	_	_	_	_	3686	_	_	start_char=20711|end_char=20712
3688	beam	_	_	_	_	3687	_	_	start_char=20713|end_char=20717
3689	of	_	_	_	_	3688	_	_	start_char=20718|end_char=20720
3690	benevolence	_	_	_	_	3689	_	_	start_char=20721|end_char=20732
3691	and	_	_	_	_	3690	_	_	start_char=20733|end_char=20736
3692	sweetness	_	_	_	_	3691	_	_	start_char=20737|end_char=20746
3693	that	_	_	_	_	3692	_	_	start_char=20747|end_char=20751
3694	I	_	_	_	_	3693	_	_	start_char=20752|end_char=20753
3695	never	_	_	_	_	3694	_	_	start_char=20754|end_char=20759
3696	saw	_	_	_	_	3695	_	_	start_char=20760|end_char=20763
3697	equalled.	_	_	_	_	3696	_	_	start_char=20764|end_char=20773
3698	But	_	_	_	_	3697	_	_	start_char=20774|end_char=20777
3699	he	_	_	_	_	3698	_	_	start_char=20778|end_char=20780
3700	is	_	_	_	_	3699	_	_	start_char=20781|end_char=20783
3701	generally	_	_	_	_	3700	_	_	start_char=20784|end_char=20793
3702	melancholy	_	_	_	_	3701	_	_	start_char=20794|end_char=20804
3703	and	_	_	_	_	3702	_	_	start_char=20805|end_char=20808
3704	despairing,	_	_	_	_	3703	_	_	start_char=20809|end_char=20820
3705	and	_	_	_	_	3704	_	_	start_char=20821|end_char=20824
3706	sometimes	_	_	_	_	3705	_	_	start_char=20825|end_char=20834
3707	he	_	_	_	_	3706	_	_	start_char=20835|end_char=20837
3708	gnashes	_	_	_	_	3707	_	_	start_char=20838|end_char=20845
3709	his	_	_	_	_	3708	_	_	start_char=20846|end_char=20849
3710	teeth,	_	_	_	_	3709	_	_	start_char=20850|end_char=20856
3711	as	_	_	_	_	3710	_	_	start_char=20857|end_char=20859
3712	if	_	_	_	_	3711	_	_	start_char=20860|end_char=20862
3713	impatient	_	_	_	_	3712	_	_	start_char=20863|end_char=20872
3714	of	_	_	_	_	3713	_	_	start_char=20873|end_char=20875
3715	the	_	_	_	_	3714	_	_	start_char=20876|end_char=20879
3716	weight	_	_	_	_	3715	_	_	start_char=20880|end_char=20886
3717	of	_	_	_	_	3716	_	_	start_char=20887|end_char=20889
3718	woes	_	_	_	_	3717	_	_	start_char=20890|end_char=20894
3719	that	_	_	_	_	3718	_	_	start_char=20895|end_char=20899
3720	oppresses	_	_	_	_	3719	_	_	start_char=20900|end_char=20909
3721	him.	_	_	_	_	3720	_	_	start_char=20910|end_char=20914
3722	When	_	_	_	_	3721	_	_	start_char=20915|end_char=20919
3723	my	_	_	_	_	3722	_	_	start_char=20920|end_char=20922
3724	guest	_	_	_	_	3723	_	_	start_char=20923|end_char=20928
3725	was	_	_	_	_	3724	_	_	start_char=20929|end_char=20932
3726	a	_	_	_	_	3725	_	_	start_char=20933|end_char=20934
3727	little	_	_	_	_	3726	_	_	start_char=20935|end_char=20941
3728	recovered	_	_	_	_	3727	_	_	start_char=20942|end_char=20951
3729	I	_	_	_	_	3728	_	_	start_char=20952|end_char=20953
3730	had	_	_	_	_	3729	_	_	start_char=20954|end_char=20957
3731	great	_	_	_	_	3730	_	_	start_char=20958|end_char=20963
3732	trouble	_	_	_	_	3731	_	_	start_char=20964|end_char=20971
3733	to	_	_	_	_	3732	_	_	start_char=20972|end_char=20974
3734	keep	_	_	_	_	3733	_	_	start_char=20975|end_char=20979
3735	off	_	_	_	_	3734	_	_	start_char=20980|end_char=20983
3736	the	_	_	_	_	3735	_	_	start_char=20984|end_char=20987
3737	men,	_	_	_	_	3736	_	_	start_char=20988|end_char=20992
3738	who	_	_	_	_	3737	_	_	start_char=20993|end_char=20996
3739	wished	_	_	_	_	3738	_	_	start_char=20997|end_char=21003
3740	to	_	_	_	_	3739	_	_	start_char=21004|end_char=21006
3741	ask	_	_	_	_	3740	_	_	start_char=21007|end_char=21010
3742	him	_	_	_	_	3741	_	_	start_char=21011|end_char=21014
3743	a	_	_	_	_	3742	_	_	start_char=21015|end_char=21016
3744	thousand	_	_	_	_	3743	_	_	start_char=21017|end_char=21025
3745	questions;	_	_	_	_	3744	_	_	start_char=21026|end_char=21036
3746	but	_	_	_	_	3745	_	_	start_char=21037|end_char=21040
3747	I	_	_	_	_	3746	_	_	start_char=21041|end_char=21042
3748	would	_	_	_	_	3747	_	_	start_char=21043|end_char=21048
3749	not	_	_	_	_	3748	_	_	start_char=21049|end_char=21052
3750	allow	_	_	_	_	3749	_	_	start_char=21053|end_char=21058
3751	him	_	_	_	_	3750	_	_	start_char=21059|end_char=21062
3752	to	_	_	_	_	3751	_	_	start_char=21063|end_char=21065
3753	be	_	_	_	_	3752	_	_	start_char=21066|end_char=21068
3754	tormented	_	_	_	_	3753	_	_	start_char=21069|end_char=21078
3755	by	_	_	_	_	3754	_	_	start_char=21079|end_char=21081
3756	their	_	_	_	_	3755	_	_	start_char=21082|end_char=21087
3757	idle	_	_	_	_	3756	_	_	start_char=21088|end_char=21092
3758	curiosity,	_	_	_	_	3757	_	_	start_char=21093|end_char=21103
3759	in	_	_	_	_	3758	_	_	start_char=21104|end_char=21106
3760	a	_	_	_	_	3759	_	_	start_char=21107|end_char=21108
3761	state	_	_	_	_	3760	_	_	start_char=21109|end_char=21114
3762	of	_	_	_	_	3761	_	_	start_char=21115|end_char=21117
3763	body	_	_	_	_	3762	_	_	start_char=21118|end_char=21122
3764	and	_	_	_	_	3763	_	_	start_char=21123|end_char=21126
3765	mind	_	_	_	_	3764	_	_	start_char=21127|end_char=21131
3766	whose	_	_	_	_	3765	_	_	start_char=21132|end_char=21137
3767	restoration	_	_	_	_	3766	_	_	start_char=21138|end_char=21149
3768	evidently	_	_	_	_	3767	_	_	start_char=21150|end_char=21159
3769	depended	_	_	_	_	3768	_	_	start_char=21160|end_char=21168
3770	upon	_	_	_	_	3769	_	_	start_char=21169|end_char=21173
3771	entire	_	_	_	_	3770	_	_	start_char=21174|end_char=21180
3772	repose.	_	_	_	_	3771	_	_	start_char=21181|end_char=21188
3773	Once,	_	_	_	_	3772	_	_	start_char=21189|end_char=21194
3774	however,	_	_	_	_	3773	_	_	start_char=21195|end_char=21203
3775	the	_	_	_	_	3774	_	_	start_char=21204|end_char=21207
3776	lieutenant	_	_	_	_	3775	_	_	start_char=21208|end_char=21218
3777	asked	_	_	_	_	3776	_	_	start_char=21219|end_char=21224
3778	why	_	_	_	_	3777	_	_	start_char=21225|end_char=21228
3779	he	_	_	_	_	3778	_	_	start_char=21229|end_char=21231
3780	had	_	_	_	_	3779	_	_	start_char=21232|end_char=21235
3781	come	_	_	_	_	3780	_	_	start_char=21236|end_char=21240
3782	so	_	_	_	_	3781	_	_	start_char=21241|end_char=21243
3783	far	_	_	_	_	3782	_	_	start_char=21244|end_char=21247
3784	upon	_	_	_	_	3783	_	_	start_char=21248|end_char=21252
3785	the	_	_	_	_	3784	_	_	start_char=21253|end_char=21256
3786	ice	_	_	_	_	3785	_	_	start_char=21257|end_char=21260
3787	in	_	_	_	_	3786	_	_	start_char=21261|end_char=21263
3788	so	_	_	_	_	3787	_	_	start_char=21264|end_char=21266
3789	strange	_	_	_	_	3788	_	_	start_char=21267|end_char=21274
3790	a	_	_	_	_	3789	_	_	start_char=21275|end_char=21276
3791	vehicle.	_	_	_	_	3790	_	_	start_char=21277|end_char=21285
3792	His	_	_	_	_	3791	_	_	start_char=21286|end_char=21289
3793	countenance	_	_	_	_	3792	_	_	start_char=21290|end_char=21301
3794	instantly	_	_	_	_	3793	_	_	start_char=21302|end_char=21311
3795	assumed	_	_	_	_	3794	_	_	start_char=21312|end_char=21319
3796	an	_	_	_	_	3795	_	_	start_char=21320|end_char=21322
3797	aspect	_	_	_	_	3796	_	_	start_char=21323|end_char=21329
3798	of	_	_	_	_	3797	_	_	start_char=21330|end_char=21332
3799	the	_	_	_	_	3798	_	_	start_char=21333|end_char=21336
3800	deepest	_	_	_	_	3799	_	_	start_char=21337|end_char=21344
3801	gloom,	_	_	_	_	3800	_	_	start_char=21345|end_char=21351
3802	and	_	_	_	_	3801	_	_	start_char=21352|end_char=21355
3803	he	_	_	_	_	3802	_	_	start_char=21356|end_char=21358
3804	replied,	_	_	_	_	3803	_	_	start_char=21359|end_char=21367
3805	“To	_	_	_	_	3804	_	_	start_char=21368|end_char=21371
3806	seek	_	_	_	_	3805	_	_	start_char=21372|end_char=21376
3807	one	_	_	_	_	3806	_	_	start_char=21377|end_char=21380
3808	who	_	_	_	_	3807	_	_	start_char=21381|end_char=21384
3809	fled	_	_	_	_	3808	_	_	start_char=21385|end_char=21389
3810	from	_	_	_	_	3809	_	_	start_char=21390|end_char=21394
3811	me.”	_	_	_	_	3810	_	_	start_char=21395|end_char=21399
3812	“And	_	_	_	_	3811	_	_	start_char=21400|end_char=21404
3813	did	_	_	_	_	3812	_	_	start_char=21405|end_char=21408
3814	the	_	_	_	_	3813	_	_	start_char=21409|end_char=21412
3815	man	_	_	_	_	3814	_	_	start_char=21413|end_char=21416
3816	whom	_	_	_	_	3815	_	_	start_char=21417|end_char=21421
3817	you	_	_	_	_	3816	_	_	start_char=21422|end_char=21425
3818	pursued	_	_	_	_	3817	_	_	start_char=21426|end_char=21433
3819	travel	_	_	_	_	3818	_	_	start_char=21434|end_char=21440
3820	in	_	_	_	_	3819	_	_	start_char=21441|end_char=21443
3821	the	_	_	_	_	3820	_	_	start_char=21444|end_char=21447
3822	same	_	_	_	_	3821	_	_	start_char=21448|end_char=21452
3823	fashion?”	_	_	_	_	3822	_	_	start_char=21453|end_char=21462
3824	“Yes.”	_	_	_	_	3823	_	_	start_char=21463|end_char=21469
3825	“Then	_	_	_	_	3824	_	_	start_char=21470|end_char=21475
3826	I	_	_	_	_	3825	_	_	start_char=21476|end_char=21477
3827	fancy	_	_	_	_	3826	_	_	start_char=21478|end_char=21483
3828	we	_	_	_	_	3827	_	_	start_char=21484|end_char=21486
3829	have	_	_	_	_	3828	_	_	start_char=21487|end_char=21491
3830	seen	_	_	_	_	3829	_	_	start_char=21492|end_char=21496
3831	him,	_	_	_	_	3830	_	_	start_char=21497|end_char=21501
3832	for	_	_	_	_	3831	_	_	start_char=21502|end_char=21505
3833	the	_	_	_	_	3832	_	_	start_char=21506|end_char=21509
3834	day	_	_	_	_	3833	_	_	start_char=21510|end_char=21513
3835	before	_	_	_	_	3834	_	_	start_char=21514|end_char=21520
3836	we	_	_	_	_	3835	_	_	start_char=21521|end_char=21523
3837	picked	_	_	_	_	3836	_	_	start_char=21524|end_char=21530
3838	you	_	_	_	_	3837	_	_	start_char=21531|end_char=21534
3839	up	_	_	_	_	3838	_	_	start_char=21535|end_char=21537
3840	we	_	_	_	_	3839	_	_	start_char=21538|end_char=21540
3841	saw	_	_	_	_	3840	_	_	start_char=21541|end_char=21544
3842	some	_	_	_	_	3841	_	_	start_char=21545|end_char=21549
3843	dogs	_	_	_	_	3842	_	_	start_char=21550|end_char=21554
3844	drawing	_	_	_	_	3843	_	_	start_char=21555|end_char=21562
3845	a	_	_	_	_	3844	_	_	start_char=21563|end_char=21564
3846	sledge,	_	_	_	_	3845	_	_	start_char=21565|end_char=21572
3847	with	_	_	_	_	3846	_	_	start_char=21573|end_char=21577
3848	a	_	_	_	_	3847	_	_	start_char=21578|end_char=21579
3849	man	_	_	_	_	3848	_	_	start_char=21580|end_char=21583
3850	in	_	_	_	_	3849	_	_	start_char=21584|end_char=21586
3851	it,	_	_	_	_	3850	_	_	start_char=21587|end_char=21590
3852	across	_	_	_	_	3851	_	_	start_char=21591|end_char=21597
3853	the	_	_	_	_	3852	_	_	start_char=21598|end_char=21601
3854	ice.”	_	_	_	_	3853	_	_	start_char=21602|end_char=21607
3855	This	_	_	_	_	3854	_	_	start_char=21608|end_char=21612
3856	aroused	_	_	_	_	3855	_	_	start_char=21613|end_char=21620
3857	the	_	_	_	_	3856	_	_	start_char=21621|end_char=21624
3858	stranger’s	_	_	_	_	3857	_	_	start_char=21625|end_char=21635
3859	attention,	_	_	_	_	3858	_	_	start_char=21636|end_char=21646
3860	and	_	_	_	_	3859	_	_	start_char=21647|end_char=21650
3861	he	_	_	_	_	3860	_	_	start_char=21651|end_char=21653
3862	asked	_	_	_	_	3861	_	_	start_char=21654|end_char=21659
3863	a	_	_	_	_	3862	_	_	start_char=21660|end_char=21661
3864	multitude	_	_	_	_	3863	_	_	start_char=21662|end_char=21671
3865	of	_	_	_	_	3864	_	_	start_char=21672|end_char=21674
3866	questions	_	_	_	_	3865	_	_	start_char=21675|end_char=21684
3867	concerning	_	_	_	_	3866	_	_	start_char=21685|end_char=21695
3868	the	_	_	_	_	3867	_	_	start_char=21696|end_char=21699
3869	route	_	_	_	_	3868	_	_	start_char=21700|end_char=21705
3870	which	_	_	_	_	3869	_	_	start_char=21706|end_char=21711
3871	the	_	_	_	_	3870	_	_	start_char=21712|end_char=21715
3872	dæmon,	_	_	_	_	3871	_	_	start_char=21716|end_char=21722
3873	as	_	_	_	_	3872	_	_	start_char=21723|end_char=21725
3874	he	_	_	_	_	3873	_	_	start_char=21726|end_char=21728
3875	called	_	_	_	_	3874	_	_	start_char=21729|end_char=21735
3876	him,	_	_	_	_	3875	_	_	start_char=21736|end_char=21740
3877	had	_	_	_	_	3876	_	_	start_char=21741|end_char=21744
3878	pursued.	_	_	_	_	3877	_	_	start_char=21745|end_char=21753
3879	Soon	_	_	_	_	3878	_	_	start_char=21754|end_char=21758
3880	after,	_	_	_	_	3879	_	_	start_char=21759|end_char=21765
3881	when	_	_	_	_	3880	_	_	start_char=21766|end_char=21770
3882	he	_	_	_	_	3881	_	_	start_char=21771|end_char=21773
3883	was	_	_	_	_	3882	_	_	start_char=21774|end_char=21777
3884	alone	_	_	_	_	3883	_	_	start_char=21778|end_char=21783
3885	with	_	_	_	_	3884	_	_	start_char=21784|end_char=21788
3886	me,	_	_	_	_	3885	_	_	start_char=21789|end_char=21792
3887	he	_	_	_	_	3886	_	_	start_char=21793|end_char=21795
3888	said,	_	_	_	_	3887	_	_	start_char=21796|end_char=21801
3889	“I	_	_	_	_	3888	_	_	start_char=21802|end_char=21804
3890	have,	_	_	_	_	3889	_	_	start_char=21805|end_char=21810
3891	doubtless,	_	_	_	_	3890	_	_	start_char=21811|end_char=21821
3892	excited	_	_	_	_	3891	_	_	start_char=21822|end_char=21829
3893	your	_	_	_	_	3892	_	_	start_char=21830|end_char=21834
3894	curiosity,	_	_	_	_	3893	_	_	start_char=21835|end_char=21845
3895	as	_	_	_	_	3894	_	_	start_char=21846|end_char=21848
3896	well	_	_	_	_	3895	_	_	start_char=21849|end_char=21853
3897	as	_	_	_	_	3896	_	_	start_char=21854|end_char=21856
3898	that	_	_	_	_	3897	_	_	start_char=21857|end_char=21861
3899	of	_	_	_	_	3898	_	_	start_char=21862|end_char=21864
3900	these	_	_	_	_	3899	_	_	start_char=21865|end_char=21870
3901	good	_	_	_	_	3900	_	_	start_char=21871|end_char=21875
3902	people;	_	_	_	_	3901	_	_	start_char=21876|end_char=21883
3903	but	_	_	_	_	3902	_	_	start_char=21884|end_char=21887
3904	you	_	_	_	_	3903	_	_	start_char=21888|end_char=21891
3905	are	_	_	_	_	3904	_	_	start_char=21892|end_char=21895
3906	too	_	_	_	_	3905	_	_	start_char=21896|end_char=21899
3907	considerate	_	_	_	_	3906	_	_	start_char=21900|end_char=21911
3908	to	_	_	_	_	3907	_	_	start_char=21912|end_char=21914
3909	make	_	_	_	_	3908	_	_	start_char=21915|end_char=21919
3910	inquiries.”	_	_	_	_	3909	_	_	start_char=21920|end_char=21931
3911	“Certainly;	_	_	_	_	3910	_	_	start_char=21932|end_char=21943
3912	it	_	_	_	_	3911	_	_	start_char=21944|end_char=21946
3913	would	_	_	_	_	3912	_	_	start_char=21947|end_char=21952
3914	indeed	_	_	_	_	3913	_	_	start_char=21953|end_char=21959
3915	be	_	_	_	_	3914	_	_	start_char=21960|end_char=21962
3916	very	_	_	_	_	3915	_	_	start_char=21963|end_char=21967
3917	impertinent	_	_	_	_	3916	_	_	start_char=21968|end_char=21979
3918	and	_	_	_	_	3917	_	_	start_char=21980|end_char=21983
3919	inhuman	_	_	_	_	3918	_	_	start_char=21984|end_char=21991
3920	in	_	_	_	_	3919	_	_	start_char=21992|end_char=21994
3921	me	_	_	_	_	3920	_	_	start_char=21995|end_char=21997
3922	to	_	_	_	_	3921	_	_	start_char=21998|end_char=22000
3923	trouble	_	_	_	_	3922	_	_	start_char=22001|end_char=22008
3924	you	_	_	_	_	3923	_	_	start_char=22009|end_char=22012
3925	with	_	_	_	_	3924	_	_	start_char=22013|end_char=22017
3926	any	_	_	_	_	3925	_	_	start_char=22018|end_char=22021
3927	inquisitiveness	_	_	_	_	3926	_	_	start_char=22022|end_char=22037
3928	of	_	_	_	_	3927	_	_	start_char=22038|end_char=22040
3929	mine.”	_	_	_	_	3928	_	_	start_char=22041|end_char=22047
3930	“And	_	_	_	_	3929	_	_	start_char=22048|end_char=22052
3931	yet	_	_	_	_	3930	_	_	start_char=22053|end_char=22056
3932	you	_	_	_	_	3931	_	_	start_char=22057|end_char=22060
3933	rescued	_	_	_	_	3932	_	_	start_char=22061|end_char=22068
3934	me	_	_	_	_	3933	_	_	start_char=22069|end_char=22071
3935	from	_	_	_	_	3934	_	_	start_char=22072|end_char=22076
3936	a	_	_	_	_	3935	_	_	start_char=22077|end_char=22078
3937	strange	_	_	_	_	3936	_	_	start_char=22079|end_char=22086
3938	and	_	_	_	_	3937	_	_	start_char=22087|end_char=22090
3939	perilous	_	_	_	_	3938	_	_	start_char=22091|end_char=22099
3940	situation;	_	_	_	_	3939	_	_	start_char=22100|end_char=22110
3941	you	_	_	_	_	3940	_	_	start_char=22111|end_char=22114
3942	have	_	_	_	_	3941	_	_	start_char=22115|end_char=22119
3943	benevolently	_	_	_	_	3942	_	_	start_char=22120|end_char=22132
3944	restored	_	_	_	_	3943	_	_	start_char=22133|end_char=22141
3945	me	_	_	_	_	3944	_	_	start_char=22142|end_char=22144
3946	to	_	_	_	_	3945	_	_	start_char=22145|end_char=22147
3947	life.”	_	_	_	_	3946	_	_	start_char=22148|end_char=22154
3948	Soon	_	_	_	_	3947	_	_	start_char=22155|end_char=22159
3949	after	_	_	_	_	3948	_	_	start_char=22160|end_char=22165
3950	this	_	_	_	_	3949	_	_	start_char=22166|end_char=22170
3951	he	_	_	_	_	3950	_	_	start_char=22171|end_char=22173
3952	inquired	_	_	_	_	3951	_	_	start_char=22174|end_char=22182
3953	if	_	_	_	_	3952	_	_	start_char=22183|end_char=22185
3954	I	_	_	_	_	3953	_	_	start_char=22186|end_char=22187
3955	thought	_	_	_	_	3954	_	_	start_char=22188|end_char=22195
3956	that	_	_	_	_	3955	_	_	start_char=22196|end_char=22200
3957	the	_	_	_	_	3956	_	_	start_char=22201|end_char=22204
3958	breaking	_	_	_	_	3957	_	_	start_char=22205|end_char=22213
3959	up	_	_	_	_	3958	_	_	start_char=22214|end_char=22216
3960	of	_	_	_	_	3959	_	_	start_char=22217|end_char=22219
3961	the	_	_	_	_	3960	_	_	start_char=22220|end_char=22223
3962	ice	_	_	_	_	3961	_	_	start_char=22224|end_char=22227
3963	had	_	_	_	_	3962	_	_	start_char=22228|end_char=22231
3964	destroyed	_	_	_	_	3963	_	_	start_char=22232|end_char=22241
3965	the	_	_	_	_	3964	_	_	start_char=22242|end_char=22245
3966	other	_	_	_	_	3965	_	_	start_char=22246|end_char=22251
3967	sledge.	_	_	_	_	3966	_	_	start_char=22252|end_char=22259
3968	I	_	_	_	_	3967	_	_	start_char=22260|end_char=22261
3969	replied	_	_	_	_	3968	_	_	start_char=22262|end_char=22269
3970	that	_	_	_	_	3969	_	_	start_char=22270|end_char=22274
3971	I	_	_	_	_	3970	_	_	start_char=22275|end_char=22276
3972	could	_	_	_	_	3971	_	_	start_char=22277|end_char=22282
3973	not	_	_	_	_	3972	_	_	start_char=22283|end_char=22286
3974	answer	_	_	_	_	3973	_	_	start_char=22287|end_char=22293
3975	with	_	_	_	_	3974	_	_	start_char=22294|end_char=22298
3976	any	_	_	_	_	3975	_	_	start_char=22299|end_char=22302
3977	degree	_	_	_	_	3976	_	_	start_char=22303|end_char=22309
3978	of	_	_	_	_	3977	_	_	start_char=22310|end_char=22312
3979	certainty,	_	_	_	_	3978	_	_	start_char=22313|end_char=22323
3980	for	_	_	_	_	3979	_	_	start_char=22324|end_char=22327
3981	the	_	_	_	_	3980	_	_	start_char=22328|end_char=22331
3982	ice	_	_	_	_	3981	_	_	start_char=22332|end_char=22335
3983	had	_	_	_	_	3982	_	_	start_char=22336|end_char=22339
3984	not	_	_	_	_	3983	_	_	start_char=22340|end_char=22343
3985	broken	_	_	_	_	3984	_	_	start_char=22344|end_char=22350
3986	until	_	_	_	_	3985	_	_	start_char=22351|end_char=22356
3987	near	_	_	_	_	3986	_	_	start_char=22357|end_char=22361
3988	midnight,	_	_	_	_	3987	_	_	start_char=22362|end_char=22371
3989	and	_	_	_	_	3988	_	_	start_char=22372|end_char=22375
3990	the	_	_	_	_	3989	_	_	start_char=22376|end_char=22379
3991	traveller	_	_	_	_	3990	_	_	start_char=22380|end_char=22389
3992	might	_	_	_	_	3991	_	_	start_char=22390|end_char=22395
3993	have	_	_	_	_	3992	_	_	start_char=22396|end_char=22400
3994	arrived	_	_	_	_	3993	_	_	start_char=22401|end_char=22408
3995	at	_	_	_	_	3994	_	_	start_char=22409|end_char=22411
3996	a	_	_	_	_	3995	_	_	start_char=22412|end_char=22413
3997	place	_	_	_	_	3996	_	_	start_char=22414|end_char=22419
3998	of	_	_	_	_	3997	_	_	start_char=22420|end_char=22422
3999	safety	_	_	_	_	3998	_	_	start_char=22423|end_char=22429
4000	before	_	_	_	_	3999	_	_	start_char=22430|end_char=22436
4001	that	_	_	_	_	4000	_	_	start_char=22437|end_char=22441
4002	time;	_	_	_	_	4001	_	_	start_char=22442|end_char=22447
4003	but	_	_	_	_	4002	_	_	start_char=22448|end_char=22451
4004	of	_	_	_	_	4003	_	_	start_char=22452|end_char=22454
4005	this	_	_	_	_	4004	_	_	start_char=22455|end_char=22459
4006	I	_	_	_	_	4005	_	_	start_char=22460|end_char=22461
4007	could	_	_	_	_	4006	_	_	start_char=22462|end_char=22467
4008	not	_	_	_	_	4007	_	_	start_char=22468|end_char=22471
4009	judge.	_	_	_	_	4008	_	_	start_char=22472|end_char=22478
4010	From	_	_	_	_	4009	_	_	start_char=22479|end_char=22483
4011	this	_	_	_	_	4010	_	_	start_char=22484|end_char=22488
4012	time	_	_	_	_	4011	_	_	start_char=22489|end_char=22493
4013	a	_	_	_	_	4012	_	_	start_char=22494|end_char=22495
4014	new	_	_	_	_	4013	_	_	start_char=22496|end_char=22499
4015	spirit	_	_	_	_	4014	_	_	start_char=22500|end_char=22506
4016	of	_	_	_	_	4015	_	_	start_char=22507|end_char=22509
4017	life	_	_	_	_	4016	_	_	start_char=22510|end_char=22514
4018	animated	_	_	_	_	4017	_	_	start_char=22515|end_char=22523
4019	the	_	_	_	_	4018	_	_	start_char=22524|end_char=22527
4020	decaying	_	_	_	_	4019	_	_	start_char=22528|end_char=22536
4021	frame	_	_	_	_	4020	_	_	start_char=22537|end_char=22542
4022	of	_	_	_	_	4021	_	_	start_char=22543|end_char=22545
4023	the	_	_	_	_	4022	_	_	start_char=22546|end_char=22549
4024	stranger.	_	_	_	_	4023	_	_	start_char=22550|end_char=22559
4025	He	_	_	_	_	4024	_	_	start_char=22560|end_char=22562
4026	manifested	_	_	_	_	4025	_	_	start_char=22563|end_char=22573
4027	the	_	_	_	_	4026	_	_	start_char=22574|end_char=22577
4028	greatest	_	_	_	_	4027	_	_	start_char=22578|end_char=22586
4029	eagerness	_	_	_	_	4028	_	_	start_char=22587|end_char=22596
4030	to	_	_	_	_	4029	_	_	start_char=22597|end_char=22599
4031	be	_	_	_	_	4030	_	_	start_char=22600|end_char=22602
4032	upon	_	_	_	_	4031	_	_	start_char=22603|end_char=22607
4033	deck	_	_	_	_	4032	_	_	start_char=22608|end_char=22612
4034	to	_	_	_	_	4033	_	_	start_char=22613|end_char=22615
4035	watch	_	_	_	_	4034	_	_	start_char=22616|end_char=22621
4036	for	_	_	_	_	4035	_	_	start_char=22622|end_char=22625
4037	the	_	_	_	_	4036	_	_	start_char=22626|end_char=22629
4038	sledge	_	_	_	_	4037	_	_	start_char=22630|end_char=22636
4039	which	_	_	_	_	4038	_	_	start_char=22637|end_char=22642
4040	had	_	_	_	_	4039	_	_	start_char=22643|end_char=22646
4041	before	_	_	_	_	4040	_	_	start_char=22647|end_char=22653
4042	appeared;	_	_	_	_	4041	_	_	start_char=22654|end_char=22663
4043	but	_	_	_	_	4042	_	_	start_char=22664|end_char=22667
4044	I	_	_	_	_	4043	_	_	start_char=22668|end_char=22669
4045	have	_	_	_	_	4044	_	_	start_char=22670|end_char=22674
4046	persuaded	_	_	_	_	4045	_	_	start_char=22675|end_char=22684
4047	him	_	_	_	_	4046	_	_	start_char=22685|end_char=22688
4048	to	_	_	_	_	4047	_	_	start_char=22689|end_char=22691
4049	remain	_	_	_	_	4048	_	_	start_char=22692|end_char=22698
4050	in	_	_	_	_	4049	_	_	start_char=22699|end_char=22701
4051	the	_	_	_	_	4050	_	_	start_char=22702|end_char=22705
4052	cabin,	_	_	_	_	4051	_	_	start_char=22706|end_char=22712
4053	for	_	_	_	_	4052	_	_	start_char=22713|end_char=22716
4054	he	_	_	_	_	4053	_	_	start_char=22717|end_char=22719
4055	is	_	_	_	_	4054	_	_	start_char=22720|end_char=22722
4056	far	_	_	_	_	4055	_	_	start_char=22723|end_char=22726
4057	too	_	_	_	_	4056	_	_	start_char=22727|end_char=22730
4058	weak	_	_	_	_	4057	_	_	start_char=22731|end_char=22735
4059	to	_	_	_	_	4058	_	_	start_char=22736|end_char=22738
4060	sustain	_	_	_	_	4059	_	_	start_char=22739|end_char=22746
4061	the	_	_	_	_	4060	_	_	start_char=22747|end_char=22750
4062	rawness	_	_	_	_	4061	_	_	start_char=22751|end_char=22758
4063	of	_	_	_	_	4062	_	_	start_char=22759|end_char=22761
4064	the	_	_	_	_	4063	_	_	start_char=22762|end_char=22765
4065	atmosphere.	_	_	_	_	4064	_	_	start_char=22766|end_char=22777
4066	I	_	_	_	_	4065	_	_	start_char=22778|end_char=22779
4067	have	_	_	_	_	4066	_	_	start_char=22780|end_char=22784
4068	promised	_	_	_	_	4067	_	_	start_char=22785|end_char=22793
4069	that	_	_	_	_	4068	_	_	start_char=22794|end_char=22798
4070	someone	_	_	_	_	4069	_	_	start_char=22799|end_char=22806
4071	should	_	_	_	_	4070	_	_	start_char=22807|end_char=22813
4072	watch	_	_	_	_	4071	_	_	start_char=22814|end_char=22819
4073	for	_	_	_	_	4072	_	_	start_char=22820|end_char=22823
4074	him	_	_	_	_	4073	_	_	start_char=22824|end_char=22827
4075	and	_	_	_	_	4074	_	_	start_char=22828|end_char=22831
4076	give	_	_	_	_	4075	_	_	start_char=22832|end_char=22836
4077	him	_	_	_	_	4076	_	_	start_char=22837|end_char=22840
4078	instant	_	_	_	_	4077	_	_	start_char=22841|end_char=22848
4079	notice	_	_	_	_	4078	_	_	start_char=22849|end_char=22855
4080	if	_	_	_	_	4079	_	_	start_char=22856|end_char=22858
4081	any	_	_	_	_	4080	_	_	start_char=22859|end_char=22862
4082	new	_	_	_	_	4081	_	_	start_char=22863|end_char=22866
4083	object	_	_	_	_	4082	_	_	start_char=22867|end_char=22873
4084	should	_	_	_	_	4083	_	_	start_char=22874|end_char=22880
4085	appear	_	_	_	_	4084	_	_	start_char=22881|end_char=22887
4086	in	_	_	_	_	4085	_	_	start_char=22888|end_char=22890
4087	sight.	_	_	_	_	4086	_	_	start_char=22891|end_char=22897
4088	Such	_	_	_	_	4087	_	_	start_char=22898|end_char=22902
4089	is	_	_	_	_	4088	_	_	start_char=22903|end_char=22905
4090	my	_	_	_	_	4089	_	_	start_char=22906|end_char=22908
4091	journal	_	_	_	_	4090	_	_	start_char=22909|end_char=22916
4092	of	_	_	_	_	4091	_	_	start_char=22917|end_char=22919
4093	what	_	_	_	_	4092	_	_	start_char=22920|end_char=22924
4094	relates	_	_	_	_	4093	_	_	start_char=22925|end_char=22932
4095	to	_	_	_	_	4094	_	_	start_char=22933|end_char=22935
4096	this	_	_	_	_	4095	_	_	start_char=22936|end_char=22940
4097	strange	_	_	_	_	4096	_	_	start_char=22941|end_char=22948
4098	occurrence	_	_	_	_	4097	_	_	start_char=22949|end_char=22959
4099	up	_	_	_	_	4098	_	_	start_char=22960|end_char=22962
4100	to	_	_	_	_	4099	_	_	start_char=22963|end_char=22965
4101	the	_	_	_	_	4100	_	_	start_char=22966|end_char=22969
4102	present	_	_	_	_	4101	_	_	start_char=22970|end_char=22977
4103	day.	_	_	_	_	4102	_	_	start_char=22978|end_char=22982
4104	The	_	_	_	_	4103	_	_	start_char=22983|end_char=22986
4105	stranger	_	_	_	_	4104	_	_	start_char=22987|end_char=22995
4106	has	_	_	_	_	4105	_	_	start_char=22996|end_char=22999
4107	gradually	_	_	_	_	4106	_	_	start_char=23000|end_char=23009
4108	improved	_	_	_	_	4107	_	_	start_char=23010|end_char=23018
4109	in	_	_	_	_	4108	_	_	start_char=23019|end_char=23021
4110	health	_	_	_	_	4109	_	_	start_char=23022|end_char=23028
4111	but	_	_	_	_	4110	_	_	start_char=23029|end_char=23032
4112	is	_	_	_	_	4111	_	_	start_char=23033|end_char=23035
4113	very	_	_	_	_	4112	_	_	start_char=23036|end_char=23040
4114	silent	_	_	_	_	4113	_	_	start_char=23041|end_char=23047
4115	and	_	_	_	_	4114	_	_	start_char=23048|end_char=23051
4116	appears	_	_	_	_	4115	_	_	start_char=23052|end_char=23059
4117	uneasy	_	_	_	_	4116	_	_	start_char=23060|end_char=23066
4118	when	_	_	_	_	4117	_	_	start_char=23067|end_char=23071
4119	anyone	_	_	_	_	4118	_	_	start_char=23072|end_char=23078
4120	except	_	_	_	_	4119	_	_	start_char=23079|end_char=23085
4121	myself	_	_	_	_	4120	_	_	start_char=23086|end_char=23092
4122	enters	_	_	_	_	4121	_	_	start_char=23093|end_char=23099
4123	his	_	_	_	_	4122	_	_	start_char=23100|end_char=23103
4124	cabin.	_	_	_	_	4123	_	_	start_char=23104|end_char=23110
4125	Yet	_	_	_	_	4124	_	_	start_char=23111|end_char=23114
4126	his	_	_	_	_	4125	_	_	start_char=23115|end_char=23118
4127	manners	_	_	_	_	4126	_	_	start_char=23119|end_char=23126
4128	are	_	_	_	_	4127	_	_	start_char=23127|end_char=23130
4129	so	_	_	_	_	4128	_	_	start_char=23131|end_char=23133
4130	conciliating	_	_	_	_	4129	_	_	start_char=23134|end_char=23146
4131	and	_	_	_	_	4130	_	_	start_char=23147|end_char=23150
4132	gentle	_	_	_	_	4131	_	_	start_char=23151|end_char=23157
4133	that	_	_	_	_	4132	_	_	start_char=23158|end_char=23162
4134	the	_	_	_	_	4133	_	_	start_char=23163|end_char=23166
4135	sailors	_	_	_	_	4134	_	_	start_char=23167|end_char=23174
4136	are	_	_	_	_	4135	_	_	start_char=23175|end_char=23178
4137	all	_	_	_	_	4136	_	_	start_char=23179|end_char=23182
4138	interested	_	_	_	_	4137	_	_	start_char=23183|end_char=23193
4139	in	_	_	_	_	4138	_	_	start_char=23194|end_char=23196
4140	him,	_	_	_	_	4139	_	_	start_char=23197|end_char=23201
4141	although	_	_	_	_	4140	_	_	start_char=23202|end_char=23210
4142	they	_	_	_	_	4141	_	_	start_char=23211|end_char=23215
4143	have	_	_	_	_	4142	_	_	start_char=23216|end_char=23220
4144	had	_	_	_	_	4143	_	_	start_char=23221|end_char=23224
4145	very	_	_	_	_	4144	_	_	start_char=23225|end_char=23229
4146	little	_	_	_	_	4145	_	_	start_char=23230|end_char=23236
4147	communication	_	_	_	_	4146	_	_	start_char=23237|end_char=23250
4148	with	_	_	_	_	4147	_	_	start_char=23251|end_char=23255
4149	him.	_	_	_	_	4148	_	_	start_char=23256|end_char=23260
4150	For	_	_	_	_	4149	_	_	start_char=23261|end_char=23264
4151	my	_	_	_	_	4150	_	_	start_char=23265|end_char=23267
4152	own	_	_	_	_	4151	_	_	start_char=23268|end_char=23271
4153	part,	_	_	_	_	4152	_	_	start_char=23272|end_char=23277
4154	I	_	_	_	_	4153	_	_	start_char=23278|end_char=23279
4155	begin	_	_	_	_	4154	_	_	start_char=23280|end_char=23285
4156	to	_	_	_	_	4155	_	_	start_char=23286|end_char=23288
4157	love	_	_	_	_	4156	_	_	start_char=23289|end_char=23293
4158	him	_	_	_	_	4157	_	_	start_char=23294|end_char=23297
4159	as	_	_	_	_	4158	_	_	start_char=23298|end_char=23300
4160	a	_	_	_	_	4159	_	_	start_char=23301|end_char=23302
4161	brother,	_	_	_	_	4160	_	_	start_char=23303|end_char=23311
4162	and	_	_	_	_	4161	_	_	start_char=23312|end_char=23315
4163	his	_	_	_	_	4162	_	_	start_char=23316|end_char=23319
4164	constant	_	_	_	_	4163	_	_	start_char=23320|end_char=23328
4165	and	_	_	_	_	4164	_	_	start_char=23329|end_char=23332
4166	deep	_	_	_	_	4165	_	_	start_char=23333|end_char=23337
4167	grief	_	_	_	_	4166	_	_	start_char=23338|end_char=23343
4168	fills	_	_	_	_	4167	_	_	start_char=23344|end_char=23349
4169	me	_	_	_	_	4168	_	_	start_char=23350|end_char=23352
4170	with	_	_	_	_	4169	_	_	start_char=23353|end_char=23357
4171	sympathy	_	_	_	_	4170	_	_	start_char=23358|end_char=23366
4172	and	_	_	_	_	4171	_	_	start_char=23367|end_char=23370
4173	compassion.	_	_	_	_	4172	_	_	start_char=23371|end_char=23382
4174	He	_	_	_	_	4173	_	_	start_char=23383|end_char=23385
4175	must	_	_	_	_	4174	_	_	start_char=23386|end_char=23390
4176	have	_	_	_	_	4175	_	_	start_char=23391|end_char=23395
4177	been	_	_	_	_	4176	_	_	start_char=23396|end_char=23400
4178	a	_	_	_	_	4177	_	_	start_char=23401|end_char=23402
4179	noble	_	_	_	_	4178	_	_	start_char=23403|end_char=23408
4180	creature	_	_	_	_	4179	_	_	start_char=23409|end_char=23417
4181	in	_	_	_	_	4180	_	_	start_char=23418|end_char=23420
4182	his	_	_	_	_	4181	_	_	start_char=23421|end_char=23424
4183	better	_	_	_	_	4182	_	_	start_char=23425|end_char=23431
4184	days,	_	_	_	_	4183	_	_	start_char=23432|end_char=23437
4185	being	_	_	_	_	4184	_	_	start_char=23438|end_char=23443
4186	even	_	_	_	_	4185	_	_	start_char=23444|end_char=23448
4187	now	_	_	_	_	4186	_	_	start_char=23449|end_char=23452
4188	in	_	_	_	_	4187	_	_	start_char=23453|end_char=23455
4189	wreck	_	_	_	_	4188	_	_	start_char=23456|end_char=23461
4190	so	_	_	_	_	4189	_	_	start_char=23462|end_char=23464
4191	attractive	_	_	_	_	4190	_	_	start_char=23465|end_char=23475
4192	and	_	_	_	_	4191	_	_	start_char=23476|end_char=23479
4193	amiable.	_	_	_	_	4192	_	_	start_char=23480|end_char=23488
4194	I	_	_	_	_	4193	_	_	start_char=23489|end_char=23490
4195	said	_	_	_	_	4194	_	_	start_char=23491|end_char=23495
4196	in	_	_	_	_	4195	_	_	start_char=23496|end_char=23498
4197	one	_	_	_	_	4196	_	_	start_char=23499|end_char=23502
4198	of	_	_	_	_	4197	_	_	start_char=23503|end_char=23505
4199	my	_	_	_	_	4198	_	_	start_char=23506|end_char=23508
4200	letters,	_	_	_	_	4199	_	_	start_char=23509|end_char=23517
4201	my	_	_	_	_	4200	_	_	start_char=23518|end_char=23520
4202	dear	_	_	_	_	4201	_	_	start_char=23521|end_char=23525
4203	Margaret,	_	_	_	_	4202	_	_	start_char=23526|end_char=23535
4204	that	_	_	_	_	4203	_	_	start_char=23536|end_char=23540
4205	I	_	_	_	_	4204	_	_	start_char=23541|end_char=23542
4206	should	_	_	_	_	4205	_	_	start_char=23543|end_char=23549
4207	find	_	_	_	_	4206	_	_	start_char=23550|end_char=23554
4208	no	_	_	_	_	4207	_	_	start_char=23555|end_char=23557
4209	friend	_	_	_	_	4208	_	_	start_char=23558|end_char=23564
4210	on	_	_	_	_	4209	_	_	start_char=23565|end_char=23567
4211	the	_	_	_	_	4210	_	_	start_char=23568|end_char=23571
4212	wide	_	_	_	_	4211	_	_	start_char=23572|end_char=23576
4213	ocean;	_	_	_	_	4212	_	_	start_char=23577|end_char=23583
4214	yet	_	_	_	_	4213	_	_	start_char=23584|end_char=23587
4215	I	_	_	_	_	4214	_	_	start_char=23588|end_char=23589
4216	have	_	_	_	_	4215	_	_	start_char=23590|end_char=23594
4217	found	_	_	_	_	4216	_	_	start_char=23595|end_char=23600
4218	a	_	_	_	_	4217	_	_	start_char=23601|end_char=23602
4219	man	_	_	_	_	4218	_	_	start_char=23603|end_char=23606
4220	who,	_	_	_	_	4219	_	_	start_char=23607|end_char=23611
4221	before	_	_	_	_	4220	_	_	start_char=23612|end_char=23618
4222	his	_	_	_	_	4221	_	_	start_char=23619|end_char=23622
4223	spirit	_	_	_	_	4222	_	_	start_char=23623|end_char=23629
4224	had	_	_	_	_	4223	_	_	start_char=23630|end_char=23633
4225	been	_	_	_	_	4224	_	_	start_char=23634|end_char=23638
4226	broken	_	_	_	_	4225	_	_	start_char=23639|end_char=23645
4227	by	_	_	_	_	4226	_	_	start_char=23646|end_char=23648
4228	misery,	_	_	_	_	4227	_	_	start_char=23649|end_char=23656
4229	I	_	_	_	_	4228	_	_	start_char=23657|end_char=23658
4230	should	_	_	_	_	4229	_	_	start_char=23659|end_char=23665
4231	have	_	_	_	_	4230	_	_	start_char=23666|end_char=23670
4232	been	_	_	_	_	4231	_	_	start_char=23671|end_char=23675
4233	happy	_	_	_	_	4232	_	_	start_char=23676|end_char=23681
4234	to	_	_	_	_	4233	_	_	start_char=23682|end_char=23684
4235	have	_	_	_	_	4234	_	_	start_char=23685|end_char=23689
4236	possessed	_	_	_	_	4235	_	_	start_char=23690|end_char=23699
4237	as	_	_	_	_	4236	_	_	start_char=23700|end_char=23702
4238	the	_	_	_	_	4237	_	_	start_char=23703|end_char=23706
4239	brother	_	_	_	_	4238	_	_	start_char=23707|end_char=23714
4240	of	_	_	_	_	4239	_	_	start_char=23715|end_char=23717
4241	my	_	_	_	_	4240	_	_	start_char=23718|end_char=23720
4242	heart.	_	_	_	_	4241	_	_	start_char=23721|end_char=23727
4243	I	_	_	_	_	4242	_	_	start_char=23728|end_char=23729
4244	shall	_	_	_	_	4243	_	_	start_char=23730|end_char=23735
4245	continue	_	_	_	_	4244	_	_	start_char=23736|end_char=23744
4246	my	_	_	_	_	4245	_	_	start_char=23745|end_char=23747
4247	journal	_	_	_	_	4246	_	_	start_char=23748|end_char=23755
4248	concerning	_	_	_	_	4247	_	_	start_char=23756|end_char=23766
4249	the	_	_	_	_	4248	_	_	start_char=23767|end_char=23770
4250	stranger	_	_	_	_	4249	_	_	start_char=23771|end_char=23779
4251	at	_	_	_	_	4250	_	_	start_char=23780|end_char=23782
4252	intervals,	_	_	_	_	4251	_	_	start_char=23783|end_char=23793
4253	should	_	_	_	_	4252	_	_	start_char=23794|end_char=23800
4254	I	_	_	_	_	4253	_	_	start_char=23801|end_char=23802
4255	have	_	_	_	_	4254	_	_	start_char=23803|end_char=23807
4256	any	_	_	_	_	4255	_	_	start_char=23808|end_char=23811
4257	fresh	_	_	_	_	4256	_	_	start_char=23812|end_char=23817
4258	incidents	_	_	_	_	4257	_	_	start_char=23818|end_char=23827
4259	to	_	_	_	_	4258	_	_	start_char=23828|end_char=23830
4260	record.	_	_	_	_	4259	_	_	start_char=23831|end_char=23838
4261	August	_	_	_	_	4260	_	_	start_char=23839|end_char=23845
4262	13th,	_	_	_	_	4261	_	_	start_char=23846|end_char=23851
4263	17—.	_	_	_	_	4262	_	_	start_char=23852|end_char=23856
4264	My	_	_	_	_	4263	_	_	start_char=23857|end_char=23859
4265	affection	_	_	_	_	4264	_	_	start_char=23860|end_char=23869
4266	for	_	_	_	_	4265	_	_	start_char=23870|end_char=23873
4267	my	_	_	_	_	4266	_	_	start_char=23874|end_char=23876
4268	guest	_	_	_	_	4267	_	_	start_char=23877|end_char=23882
4269	increases	_	_	_	_	4268	_	_	start_char=23883|end_char=23892
4270	every	_	_	_	_	4269	_	_	start_char=23893|end_char=23898
4271	day.	_	_	_	_	4270	_	_	start_char=23899|end_char=23903
4272	He	_	_	_	_	4271	_	_	start_char=23904|end_char=23906
4273	excites	_	_	_	_	4272	_	_	start_char=23907|end_char=23914
4274	at	_	_	_	_	4273	_	_	start_char=23915|end_char=23917
4275	once	_	_	_	_	4274	_	_	start_char=23918|end_char=23922
4276	my	_	_	_	_	4275	_	_	start_char=23923|end_char=23925
4277	admiration	_	_	_	_	4276	_	_	start_char=23926|end_char=23936
4278	and	_	_	_	_	4277	_	_	start_char=23937|end_char=23940
4279	my	_	_	_	_	4278	_	_	start_char=23941|end_char=23943
4280	pity	_	_	_	_	4279	_	_	start_char=23944|end_char=23948
4281	to	_	_	_	_	4280	_	_	start_char=23949|end_char=23951
4282	an	_	_	_	_	4281	_	_	start_char=23952|end_char=23954
4283	astonishing	_	_	_	_	4282	_	_	start_char=23955|end_char=23966
4284	degree.	_	_	_	_	4283	_	_	start_char=23967|end_char=23974
4285	How	_	_	_	_	4284	_	_	start_char=23975|end_char=23978
4286	can	_	_	_	_	4285	_	_	start_char=23979|end_char=23982
4287	I	_	_	_	_	4286	_	_	start_char=23983|end_char=23984
4288	see	_	_	_	_	4287	_	_	start_char=23985|end_char=23988
4289	so	_	_	_	_	4288	_	_	start_char=23989|end_char=23991
4290	noble	_	_	_	_	4289	_	_	start_char=23992|end_char=23997
4291	a	_	_	_	_	4290	_	_	start_char=23998|end_char=23999
4292	creature	_	_	_	_	4291	_	_	start_char=24000|end_char=24008
4293	destroyed	_	_	_	_	4292	_	_	start_char=24009|end_char=24018
4294	by	_	_	_	_	4293	_	_	start_char=24019|end_char=24021
4295	misery	_	_	_	_	4294	_	_	start_char=24022|end_char=24028
4296	without	_	_	_	_	4295	_	_	start_char=24029|end_char=24036
4297	feeling	_	_	_	_	4296	_	_	start_char=24037|end_char=24044
4298	the	_	_	_	_	4297	_	_	start_char=24045|end_char=24048
4299	most	_	_	_	_	4298	_	_	start_char=24049|end_char=24053
4300	poignant	_	_	_	_	4299	_	_	start_char=24054|end_char=24062
4301	grief?	_	_	_	_	4300	_	_	start_char=24063|end_char=24069
4302	He	_	_	_	_	4301	_	_	start_char=24070|end_char=24072
4303	is	_	_	_	_	4302	_	_	start_char=24073|end_char=24075
4304	so	_	_	_	_	4303	_	_	start_char=24076|end_char=24078
4305	gentle,	_	_	_	_	4304	_	_	start_char=24079|end_char=24086
4306	yet	_	_	_	_	4305	_	_	start_char=24087|end_char=24090
4307	so	_	_	_	_	4306	_	_	start_char=24091|end_char=24093
4308	wise;	_	_	_	_	4307	_	_	start_char=24094|end_char=24099
4309	his	_	_	_	_	4308	_	_	start_char=24100|end_char=24103
4310	mind	_	_	_	_	4309	_	_	start_char=24104|end_char=24108
4311	is	_	_	_	_	4310	_	_	start_char=24109|end_char=24111
4312	so	_	_	_	_	4311	_	_	start_char=24112|end_char=24114
4313	cultivated,	_	_	_	_	4312	_	_	start_char=24115|end_char=24126
4314	and	_	_	_	_	4313	_	_	start_char=24127|end_char=24130
4315	when	_	_	_	_	4314	_	_	start_char=24131|end_char=24135
4316	he	_	_	_	_	4315	_	_	start_char=24136|end_char=24138
4317	speaks,	_	_	_	_	4316	_	_	start_char=24139|end_char=24146
4318	although	_	_	_	_	4317	_	_	start_char=24147|end_char=24155
4319	his	_	_	_	_	4318	_	_	start_char=24156|end_char=24159
4320	words	_	_	_	_	4319	_	_	start_char=24160|end_char=24165
4321	are	_	_	_	_	4320	_	_	start_char=24166|end_char=24169
4322	culled	_	_	_	_	4321	_	_	start_char=24170|end_char=24176
4323	with	_	_	_	_	4322	_	_	start_char=24177|end_char=24181
4324	the	_	_	_	_	4323	_	_	start_char=24182|end_char=24185
4325	choicest	_	_	_	_	4324	_	_	start_char=24186|end_char=24194
4326	art,	_	_	_	_	4325	_	_	start_char=24195|end_char=24199
4327	yet	_	_	_	_	4326	_	_	start_char=24200|end_char=24203
4328	they	_	_	_	_	4327	_	_	start_char=24204|end_char=24208
4329	flow	_	_	_	_	4328	_	_	start_char=24209|end_char=24213
4330	with	_	_	_	_	4329	_	_	start_char=24214|end_char=24218
4331	rapidity	_	_	_	_	4330	_	_	start_char=24219|end_char=24227
4332	and	_	_	_	_	4331	_	_	start_char=24228|end_char=24231
4333	unparalleled	_	_	_	_	4332	_	_	start_char=24232|end_char=24244
4334	eloquence.	_	_	_	_	4333	_	_	start_char=24245|end_char=24255
4335	He	_	_	_	_	4334	_	_	start_char=24256|end_char=24258
4336	is	_	_	_	_	4335	_	_	start_char=24259|end_char=24261
4337	now	_	_	_	_	4336	_	_	start_char=24262|end_char=24265
4338	much	_	_	_	_	4337	_	_	start_char=24266|end_char=24270
4339	recovered	_	_	_	_	4338	_	_	start_char=24271|end_char=24280
4340	from	_	_	_	_	4339	_	_	start_char=24281|end_char=24285
4341	his	_	_	_	_	4340	_	_	start_char=24286|end_char=24289
4342	illness	_	_	_	_	4341	_	_	start_char=24290|end_char=24297
4343	and	_	_	_	_	4342	_	_	start_char=24298|end_char=24301
4344	is	_	_	_	_	4343	_	_	start_char=24302|end_char=24304
4345	continually	_	_	_	_	4344	_	_	start_char=24305|end_char=24316
4346	on	_	_	_	_	4345	_	_	start_char=24317|end_char=24319
4347	the	_	_	_	_	4346	_	_	start_char=24320|end_char=24323
4348	deck,	_	_	_	_	4347	_	_	start_char=24324|end_char=24329
4349	apparently	_	_	_	_	4348	_	_	start_char=24330|end_char=24340
4350	watching	_	_	_	_	4349	_	_	start_char=24341|end_char=24349
4351	for	_	_	_	_	4350	_	_	start_char=24350|end_char=24353
4352	the	_	_	_	_	4351	_	_	start_char=24354|end_char=24357
4353	sledge	_	_	_	_	4352	_	_	start_char=24358|end_char=24364
4354	that	_	_	_	_	4353	_	_	start_char=24365|end_char=24369
4355	preceded	_	_	_	_	4354	_	_	start_char=24370|end_char=24378
4356	his	_	_	_	_	4355	_	_	start_char=24379|end_char=24382
4357	own.	_	_	_	_	4356	_	_	start_char=24383|end_char=24387
4358	Yet,	_	_	_	_	4357	_	_	start_char=24388|end_char=24392
4359	although	_	_	_	_	4358	_	_	start_char=24393|end_char=24401
4360	unhappy,	_	_	_	_	4359	_	_	start_char=24402|end_char=24410
4361	he	_	_	_	_	4360	_	_	start_char=24411|end_char=24413
4362	is	_	_	_	_	4361	_	_	start_char=24414|end_char=24416
4363	not	_	_	_	_	4362	_	_	start_char=24417|end_char=24420
4364	so	_	_	_	_	4363	_	_	start_char=24421|end_char=24423
4365	utterly	_	_	_	_	4364	_	_	start_char=24424|end_char=24431
4366	occupied	_	_	_	_	4365	_	_	start_char=24432|end_char=24440
4367	by	_	_	_	_	4366	_	_	start_char=24441|end_char=24443
4368	his	_	_	_	_	4367	_	_	start_char=24444|end_char=24447
4369	own	_	_	_	_	4368	_	_	start_char=24448|end_char=24451
4370	misery	_	_	_	_	4369	_	_	start_char=24452|end_char=24458
4371	but	_	_	_	_	4370	_	_	start_char=24459|end_char=24462
4372	that	_	_	_	_	4371	_	_	start_char=24463|end_char=24467
4373	he	_	_	_	_	4372	_	_	start_char=24468|end_char=24470
4374	interests	_	_	_	_	4373	_	_	start_char=24471|end_char=24480
4375	himself	_	_	_	_	4374	_	_	start_char=24481|end_char=24488
4376	deeply	_	_	_	_	4375	_	_	start_char=24489|end_char=24495
4377	in	_	_	_	_	4376	_	_	start_char=24496|end_char=24498
4378	the	_	_	_	_	4377	_	_	start_char=24499|end_char=24502
4379	projects	_	_	_	_	4378	_	_	start_char=24503|end_char=24511
4380	of	_	_	_	_	4379	_	_	start_char=24512|end_char=24514
4381	others.	_	_	_	_	4380	_	_	start_char=24515|end_char=24522
4382	He	_	_	_	_	4381	_	_	start_char=24523|end_char=24525
4383	has	_	_	_	_	4382	_	_	start_char=24526|end_char=24529
4384	frequently	_	_	_	_	4383	_	_	start_char=24530|end_char=24540
4385	conversed	_	_	_	_	4384	_	_	start_char=24541|end_char=24550
4386	with	_	_	_	_	4385	_	_	start_char=24551|end_char=24555
4387	me	_	_	_	_	4386	_	_	start_char=24556|end_char=24558
4388	on	_	_	_	_	4387	_	_	start_char=24559|end_char=24561
4389	mine,	_	_	_	_	4388	_	_	start_char=24562|end_char=24567
4390	which	_	_	_	_	4389	_	_	start_char=24568|end_char=24573
4391	I	_	_	_	_	4390	_	_	start_char=24574|end_char=24575
4392	have	_	_	_	_	4391	_	_	start_char=24576|end_char=24580
4393	communicated	_	_	_	_	4392	_	_	start_char=24581|end_char=24593
4394	to	_	_	_	_	4393	_	_	start_char=24594|end_char=24596
4395	him	_	_	_	_	4394	_	_	start_char=24597|end_char=24600
4396	without	_	_	_	_	4395	_	_	start_char=24601|end_char=24608
4397	disguise.	_	_	_	_	4396	_	_	start_char=24609|end_char=24618
4398	He	_	_	_	_	4397	_	_	start_char=24619|end_char=24621
4399	entered	_	_	_	_	4398	_	_	start_char=24622|end_char=24629
4400	attentively	_	_	_	_	4399	_	_	start_char=24630|end_char=24641
4401	into	_	_	_	_	4400	_	_	start_char=24642|end_char=24646
4402	all	_	_	_	_	4401	_	_	start_char=24647|end_char=24650
4403	my	_	_	_	_	4402	_	_	start_char=24651|end_char=24653
4404	arguments	_	_	_	_	4403	_	_	start_char=24654|end_char=24663
4405	in	_	_	_	_	4404	_	_	start_char=24664|end_char=24666
4406	favour	_	_	_	_	4405	_	_	start_char=24667|end_char=24673
4407	of	_	_	_	_	4406	_	_	start_char=24674|end_char=24676
4408	my	_	_	_	_	4407	_	_	start_char=24677|end_char=24679
4409	eventual	_	_	_	_	4408	_	_	start_char=24680|end_char=24688
4410	success	_	_	_	_	4409	_	_	start_char=24689|end_char=24696
4411	and	_	_	_	_	4410	_	_	start_char=24697|end_char=24700
4412	into	_	_	_	_	4411	_	_	start_char=24701|end_char=24705
4413	every	_	_	_	_	4412	_	_	start_char=24706|end_char=24711
4414	minute	_	_	_	_	4413	_	_	start_char=24712|end_char=24718
4415	detail	_	_	_	_	4414	_	_	start_char=24719|end_char=24725
4416	of	_	_	_	_	4415	_	_	start_char=24726|end_char=24728
4417	the	_	_	_	_	4416	_	_	start_char=24729|end_char=24732
4418	measures	_	_	_	_	4417	_	_	start_char=24733|end_char=24741
4419	I	_	_	_	_	4418	_	_	start_char=24742|end_char=24743
4420	had	_	_	_	_	4419	_	_	start_char=24744|end_char=24747
4421	taken	_	_	_	_	4420	_	_	start_char=24748|end_char=24753
4422	to	_	_	_	_	4421	_	_	start_char=24754|end_char=24756
4423	secure	_	_	_	_	4422	_	_	start_char=24757|end_char=24763
4424	it.	_	_	_	_	4423	_	_	start_char=24764|end_char=24767
4425	I	_	_	_	_	4424	_	_	start_char=24768|end_char=24769
4426	was	_	_	_	_	4425	_	_	start_char=24770|end_char=24773
4427	easily	_	_	_	_	4426	_	_	start_char=24774|end_char=24780
4428	led	_	_	_	_	4427	_	_	start_char=24781|end_char=24784
4429	by	_	_	_	_	4428	_	_	start_char=24785|end_char=24787
4430	the	_	_	_	_	4429	_	_	start_char=24788|end_char=24791
4431	sympathy	_	_	_	_	4430	_	_	start_char=24792|end_char=24800
4432	which	_	_	_	_	4431	_	_	start_char=24801|end_char=24806
4433	he	_	_	_	_	4432	_	_	start_char=24807|end_char=24809
4434	evinced	_	_	_	_	4433	_	_	start_char=24810|end_char=24817
4435	to	_	_	_	_	4434	_	_	start_char=24818|end_char=24820
4436	use	_	_	_	_	4435	_	_	start_char=24821|end_char=24824
4437	the	_	_	_	_	4436	_	_	start_char=24825|end_char=24828
4438	language	_	_	_	_	4437	_	_	start_char=24829|end_char=24837
4439	of	_	_	_	_	4438	_	_	start_char=24838|end_char=24840
4440	my	_	_	_	_	4439	_	_	start_char=24841|end_char=24843
4441	heart,	_	_	_	_	4440	_	_	start_char=24844|end_char=24850
4442	to	_	_	_	_	4441	_	_	start_char=24851|end_char=24853
4443	give	_	_	_	_	4442	_	_	start_char=24854|end_char=24858
4444	utterance	_	_	_	_	4443	_	_	start_char=24859|end_char=24868
4445	to	_	_	_	_	4444	_	_	start_char=24869|end_char=24871
4446	the	_	_	_	_	4445	_	_	start_char=24872|end_char=24875
4447	burning	_	_	_	_	4446	_	_	start_char=24876|end_char=24883
4448	ardour	_	_	_	_	4447	_	_	start_char=24884|end_char=24890
4449	of	_	_	_	_	4448	_	_	start_char=24891|end_char=24893
4450	my	_	_	_	_	4449	_	_	start_char=24894|end_char=24896
4451	soul	_	_	_	_	4450	_	_	start_char=24897|end_char=24901
4452	and	_	_	_	_	4451	_	_	start_char=24902|end_char=24905
4453	to	_	_	_	_	4452	_	_	start_char=24906|end_char=24908
4454	say,	_	_	_	_	4453	_	_	start_char=24909|end_char=24913
4455	with	_	_	_	_	4454	_	_	start_char=24914|end_char=24918
4456	all	_	_	_	_	4455	_	_	start_char=24919|end_char=24922
4457	the	_	_	_	_	4456	_	_	start_char=24923|end_char=24926
4458	fervour	_	_	_	_	4457	_	_	start_char=24927|end_char=24934
4459	that	_	_	_	_	4458	_	_	start_char=24935|end_char=24939
4460	warmed	_	_	_	_	4459	_	_	start_char=24940|end_char=24946
4461	me,	_	_	_	_	4460	_	_	start_char=24947|end_char=24950
4462	how	_	_	_	_	4461	_	_	start_char=24951|end_char=24954
4463	gladly	_	_	_	_	4462	_	_	start_char=24955|end_char=24961
4464	I	_	_	_	_	4463	_	_	start_char=24962|end_char=24963
4465	would	_	_	_	_	4464	_	_	start_char=24964|end_char=24969
4466	sacrifice	_	_	_	_	4465	_	_	start_char=24970|end_char=24979
4467	my	_	_	_	_	4466	_	_	start_char=24980|end_char=24982
4468	fortune,	_	_	_	_	4467	_	_	start_char=24983|end_char=24991
4469	my	_	_	_	_	4468	_	_	start_char=24992|end_char=24994
4470	existence,	_	_	_	_	4469	_	_	start_char=24995|end_char=25005
4471	my	_	_	_	_	4470	_	_	start_char=25006|end_char=25008
4472	every	_	_	_	_	4471	_	_	start_char=25009|end_char=25014
4473	hope,	_	_	_	_	4472	_	_	start_char=25015|end_char=25020
4474	to	_	_	_	_	4473	_	_	start_char=25021|end_char=25023
4475	the	_	_	_	_	4474	_	_	start_char=25024|end_char=25027
4476	furtherance	_	_	_	_	4475	_	_	start_char=25028|end_char=25039
4477	of	_	_	_	_	4476	_	_	start_char=25040|end_char=25042
4478	my	_	_	_	_	4477	_	_	start_char=25043|end_char=25045
4479	enterprise.	_	_	_	_	4478	_	_	start_char=25046|end_char=25057
4480	One	_	_	_	_	4479	_	_	start_char=25058|end_char=25061
4481	man’s	_	_	_	_	4480	_	_	start_char=25062|end_char=25067
4482	life	_	_	_	_	4481	_	_	start_char=25068|end_char=25072
4483	or	_	_	_	_	4482	_	_	start_char=25073|end_char=25075
4484	death	_	_	_	_	4483	_	_	start_char=25076|end_char=25081
4485	were	_	_	_	_	4484	_	_	start_char=25082|end_char=25086
4486	but	_	_	_	_	4485	_	_	start_char=25087|end_char=25090
4487	a	_	_	_	_	4486	_	_	start_char=25091|end_char=25092
4488	small	_	_	_	_	4487	_	_	start_char=25093|end_char=25098
4489	price	_	_	_	_	4488	_	_	start_char=25099|end_char=25104
4490	to	_	_	_	_	4489	_	_	start_char=25105|end_char=25107
4491	pay	_	_	_	_	4490	_	_	start_char=25108|end_char=25111
4492	for	_	_	_	_	4491	_	_	start_char=25112|end_char=25115
4493	the	_	_	_	_	4492	_	_	start_char=25116|end_char=25119
4494	acquirement	_	_	_	_	4493	_	_	start_char=25120|end_char=25131
4495	of	_	_	_	_	4494	_	_	start_char=25132|end_char=25134
4496	the	_	_	_	_	4495	_	_	start_char=25135|end_char=25138
4497	knowledge	_	_	_	_	4496	_	_	start_char=25139|end_char=25148
4498	which	_	_	_	_	4497	_	_	start_char=25149|end_char=25154
4499	I	_	_	_	_	4498	_	_	start_char=25155|end_char=25156
4500	sought,	_	_	_	_	4499	_	_	start_char=25157|end_char=25164
4501	for	_	_	_	_	4500	_	_	start_char=25165|end_char=25168
4502	the	_	_	_	_	4501	_	_	start_char=25169|end_char=25172
4503	dominion	_	_	_	_	4502	_	_	start_char=25173|end_char=25181
4504	I	_	_	_	_	4503	_	_	start_char=25182|end_char=25183
4505	should	_	_	_	_	4504	_	_	start_char=25184|end_char=25190
4506	acquire	_	_	_	_	4505	_	_	start_char=25191|end_char=25198
4507	and	_	_	_	_	4506	_	_	start_char=25199|end_char=25202
4508	transmit	_	_	_	_	4507	_	_	start_char=25203|end_char=25211
4509	over	_	_	_	_	4508	_	_	start_char=25212|end_char=25216
4510	the	_	_	_	_	4509	_	_	start_char=25217|end_char=25220
4511	elemental	_	_	_	_	4510	_	_	start_char=25221|end_char=25230
4512	foes	_	_	_	_	4511	_	_	start_char=25231|end_char=25235
4513	of	_	_	_	_	4512	_	_	start_char=25236|end_char=25238
4514	our	_	_	_	_	4513	_	_	start_char=25239|end_char=25242
4515	race.	_	_	_	_	4514	_	_	start_char=25243|end_char=25248
4516	As	_	_	_	_	4515	_	_	start_char=25249|end_char=25251
4517	I	_	_	_	_	4516	_	_	start_char=25252|end_char=25253
4518	spoke,	_	_	_	_	4517	_	_	start_char=25254|end_char=25260
4519	a	_	_	_	_	4518	_	_	start_char=25261|end_char=25262
4520	dark	_	_	_	_	4519	_	_	start_char=25263|end_char=25267
4521	gloom	_	_	_	_	4520	_	_	start_char=25268|end_char=25273
4522	spread	_	_	_	_	4521	_	_	start_char=25274|end_char=25280
4523	over	_	_	_	_	4522	_	_	start_char=25281|end_char=25285
4524	my	_	_	_	_	4523	_	_	start_char=25286|end_char=25288
4525	listener’s	_	_	_	_	4524	_	_	start_char=25289|end_char=25299
4526	countenance.	_	_	_	_	4525	_	_	start_char=25300|end_char=25312
4527	At	_	_	_	_	4526	_	_	start_char=25313|end_char=25315
4528	first	_	_	_	_	4527	_	_	start_char=25316|end_char=25321
4529	I	_	_	_	_	4528	_	_	start_char=25322|end_char=25323
4530	perceived	_	_	_	_	4529	_	_	start_char=25324|end_char=25333
4531	that	_	_	_	_	4530	_	_	start_char=25334|end_char=25338
4532	he	_	_	_	_	4531	_	_	start_char=25339|end_char=25341
4533	tried	_	_	_	_	4532	_	_	start_char=25342|end_char=25347
4534	to	_	_	_	_	4533	_	_	start_char=25348|end_char=25350
4535	suppress	_	_	_	_	4534	_	_	start_char=25351|end_char=25359
4536	his	_	_	_	_	4535	_	_	start_char=25360|end_char=25363
4537	emotion;	_	_	_	_	4536	_	_	start_char=25364|end_char=25372
4538	he	_	_	_	_	4537	_	_	start_char=25373|end_char=25375
4539	placed	_	_	_	_	4538	_	_	start_char=25376|end_char=25382
4540	his	_	_	_	_	4539	_	_	start_char=25383|end_char=25386
4541	hands	_	_	_	_	4540	_	_	start_char=25387|end_char=25392
4542	before	_	_	_	_	4541	_	_	start_char=25393|end_char=25399
4543	his	_	_	_	_	4542	_	_	start_char=25400|end_char=25403
4544	eyes,	_	_	_	_	4543	_	_	start_char=25404|end_char=25409
4545	and	_	_	_	_	4544	_	_	start_char=25410|end_char=25413
4546	my	_	_	_	_	4545	_	_	start_char=25414|end_char=25416
4547	voice	_	_	_	_	4546	_	_	start_char=25417|end_char=25422
4548	quivered	_	_	_	_	4547	_	_	start_char=25423|end_char=25431
4549	and	_	_	_	_	4548	_	_	start_char=25432|end_char=25435
4550	failed	_	_	_	_	4549	_	_	start_char=25436|end_char=25442
4551	me	_	_	_	_	4550	_	_	start_char=25443|end_char=25445
4552	as	_	_	_	_	4551	_	_	start_char=25446|end_char=25448
4553	I	_	_	_	_	4552	_	_	start_char=25449|end_char=25450
4554	beheld	_	_	_	_	4553	_	_	start_char=25451|end_char=25457
4555	tears	_	_	_	_	4554	_	_	start_char=25458|end_char=25463
4556	trickle	_	_	_	_	4555	_	_	start_char=25464|end_char=25471
4557	fast	_	_	_	_	4556	_	_	start_char=25472|end_char=25476
4558	from	_	_	_	_	4557	_	_	start_char=25477|end_char=25481
4559	between	_	_	_	_	4558	_	_	start_char=25482|end_char=25489
4560	his	_	_	_	_	4559	_	_	start_char=25490|end_char=25493
4561	fingers;	_	_	_	_	4560	_	_	start_char=25494|end_char=25502
4562	a	_	_	_	_	4561	_	_	start_char=25503|end_char=25504
4563	groan	_	_	_	_	4562	_	_	start_char=25505|end_char=25510
4564	burst	_	_	_	_	4563	_	_	start_char=25511|end_char=25516
4565	from	_	_	_	_	4564	_	_	start_char=25517|end_char=25521
4566	his	_	_	_	_	4565	_	_	start_char=25522|end_char=25525
4567	heaving	_	_	_	_	4566	_	_	start_char=25526|end_char=25533
4568	breast.	_	_	_	_	4567	_	_	start_char=25534|end_char=25541
4569	I	_	_	_	_	4568	_	_	start_char=25542|end_char=25543
4570	paused;	_	_	_	_	4569	_	_	start_char=25544|end_char=25551
4571	at	_	_	_	_	4570	_	_	start_char=25552|end_char=25554
4572	length	_	_	_	_	4571	_	_	start_char=25555|end_char=25561
4573	he	_	_	_	_	4572	_	_	start_char=25562|end_char=25564
4574	spoke,	_	_	_	_	4573	_	_	start_char=25565|end_char=25571
4575	in	_	_	_	_	4574	_	_	start_char=25572|end_char=25574
4576	broken	_	_	_	_	4575	_	_	start_char=25575|end_char=25581
4577	accents:	_	_	_	_	4576	_	_	start_char=25582|end_char=25590
4578	“Unhappy	_	_	_	_	4577	_	_	start_char=25591|end_char=25599
4579	man!	_	_	_	_	4578	_	_	start_char=25600|end_char=25604
4580	Do	_	_	_	_	4579	_	_	start_char=25605|end_char=25607
4581	you	_	_	_	_	4580	_	_	start_char=25608|end_char=25611
4582	share	_	_	_	_	4581	_	_	start_char=25612|end_char=25617
4583	my	_	_	_	_	4582	_	_	start_char=25618|end_char=25620
4584	madness?	_	_	_	_	4583	_	_	start_char=25621|end_char=25629
4585	Have	_	_	_	_	4584	_	_	start_char=25630|end_char=25634
4586	you	_	_	_	_	4585	_	_	start_char=25635|end_char=25638
4587	drunk	_	_	_	_	4586	_	_	start_char=25639|end_char=25644
4588	also	_	_	_	_	4587	_	_	start_char=25645|end_char=25649
4589	of	_	_	_	_	4588	_	_	start_char=25650|end_char=25652
4590	the	_	_	_	_	4589	_	_	start_char=25653|end_char=25656
4591	intoxicating	_	_	_	_	4590	_	_	start_char=25657|end_char=25669
4592	draught?	_	_	_	_	4591	_	_	start_char=25670|end_char=25678
4593	Hear	_	_	_	_	4592	_	_	start_char=25679|end_char=25683
4594	me;	_	_	_	_	4593	_	_	start_char=25684|end_char=25687
4595	let	_	_	_	_	4594	_	_	start_char=25688|end_char=25691
4596	me	_	_	_	_	4595	_	_	start_char=25692|end_char=25694
4597	reveal	_	_	_	_	4596	_	_	start_char=25695|end_char=25701
4598	my	_	_	_	_	4597	_	_	start_char=25702|end_char=25704
4599	tale,	_	_	_	_	4598	_	_	start_char=25705|end_char=25710
4600	and	_	_	_	_	4599	_	_	start_char=25711|end_char=25714
4601	you	_	_	_	_	4600	_	_	start_char=25715|end_char=25718
4602	will	_	_	_	_	4601	_	_	start_char=25719|end_char=25723
4603	dash	_	_	_	_	4602	_	_	start_char=25724|end_char=25728
4604	the	_	_	_	_	4603	_	_	start_char=25729|end_char=25732
4605	cup	_	_	_	_	4604	_	_	start_char=25733|end_char=25736
4606	from	_	_	_	_	4605	_	_	start_char=25737|end_char=25741
4607	your	_	_	_	_	4606	_	_	start_char=25742|end_char=25746
4608	lips!”	_	_	_	_	4607	_	_	start_char=25747|end_char=25753
4609	Such	_	_	_	_	4608	_	_	start_char=25754|end_char=25758
4610	words,	_	_	_	_	4609	_	_	start_char=25759|end_char=25765
4611	you	_	_	_	_	4610	_	_	start_char=25766|end_char=25769
4612	may	_	_	_	_	4611	_	_	start_char=25770|end_char=25773
4613	imagine,	_	_	_	_	4612	_	_	start_char=25774|end_char=25782
4614	strongly	_	_	_	_	4613	_	_	start_char=25783|end_char=25791
4615	excited	_	_	_	_	4614	_	_	start_char=25792|end_char=25799
4616	my	_	_	_	_	4615	_	_	start_char=25800|end_char=25802
4617	curiosity;	_	_	_	_	4616	_	_	start_char=25803|end_char=25813
4618	but	_	_	_	_	4617	_	_	start_char=25814|end_char=25817
4619	the	_	_	_	_	4618	_	_	start_char=25818|end_char=25821
4620	paroxysm	_	_	_	_	4619	_	_	start_char=25822|end_char=25830
4621	of	_	_	_	_	4620	_	_	start_char=25831|end_char=25833
4622	grief	_	_	_	_	4621	_	_	start_char=25834|end_char=25839
4623	that	_	_	_	_	4622	_	_	start_char=25840|end_char=25844
4624	had	_	_	_	_	4623	_	_	start_char=25845|end_char=25848
4625	seized	_	_	_	_	4624	_	_	start_char=25849|end_char=25855
4626	the	_	_	_	_	4625	_	_	start_char=25856|end_char=25859
4627	stranger	_	_	_	_	4626	_	_	start_char=25860|end_char=25868
4628	overcame	_	_	_	_	4627	_	_	start_char=25869|end_char=25877
4629	his	_	_	_	_	4628	_	_	start_char=25878|end_char=25881
4630	weakened	_	_	_	_	4629	_	_	start_char=25882|end_char=25890
4631	powers,	_	_	_	_	4630	_	_	start_char=25891|end_char=25898
4632	and	_	_	_	_	4631	_	_	start_char=25899|end_char=25902
4633	many	_	_	_	_	4632	_	_	start_char=25903|end_char=25907
4634	hours	_	_	_	_	4633	_	_	start_char=25908|end_char=25913
4635	of	_	_	_	_	4634	_	_	start_char=25914|end_char=25916
4636	repose	_	_	_	_	4635	_	_	start_char=25917|end_char=25923
4637	and	_	_	_	_	4636	_	_	start_char=25924|end_char=25927
4638	tranquil	_	_	_	_	4637	_	_	start_char=25928|end_char=25936
4639	conversation	_	_	_	_	4638	_	_	start_char=25937|end_char=25949
4640	were	_	_	_	_	4639	_	_	start_char=25950|end_char=25954
4641	necessary	_	_	_	_	4640	_	_	start_char=25955|end_char=25964
4642	to	_	_	_	_	4641	_	_	start_char=25965|end_char=25967
4643	restore	_	_	_	_	4642	_	_	start_char=25968|end_char=25975
4644	his	_	_	_	_	4643	_	_	start_char=25976|end_char=25979
4645	composure.	_	_	_	_	4644	_	_	start_char=25980|end_char=25990
4646	Having	_	_	_	_	4645	_	_	start_char=25991|end_char=25997
4647	conquered	_	_	_	_	4646	_	_	start_char=25998|end_char=26007
4648	the	_	_	_	_	4647	_	_	start_char=26008|end_char=26011
4649	violence	_	_	_	_	4648	_	_	start_char=26012|end_char=26020
4650	of	_	_	_	_	4649	_	_	start_char=26021|end_char=26023
4651	his	_	_	_	_	4650	_	_	start_char=26024|end_char=26027
4652	feelings,	_	_	_	_	4651	_	_	start_char=26028|end_char=26037
4653	he	_	_	_	_	4652	_	_	start_char=26038|end_char=26040
4654	appeared	_	_	_	_	4653	_	_	start_char=26041|end_char=26049
4655	to	_	_	_	_	4654	_	_	start_char=26050|end_char=26052
4656	despise	_	_	_	_	4655	_	_	start_char=26053|end_char=26060
4657	himself	_	_	_	_	4656	_	_	start_char=26061|end_char=26068
4658	for	_	_	_	_	4657	_	_	start_char=26069|end_char=26072
4659	being	_	_	_	_	4658	_	_	start_char=26073|end_char=26078
4660	the	_	_	_	_	4659	_	_	start_char=26079|end_char=26082
4661	slave	_	_	_	_	4660	_	_	start_char=26083|end_char=26088
4662	of	_	_	_	_	4661	_	_	start_char=26089|end_char=26091
4663	passion;	_	_	_	_	4662	_	_	start_char=26092|end_char=26100
4664	and	_	_	_	_	4663	_	_	start_char=26101|end_char=26104
4665	quelling	_	_	_	_	4664	_	_	start_char=26105|end_char=26113
4666	the	_	_	_	_	4665	_	_	start_char=26114|end_char=26117
4667	dark	_	_	_	_	4666	_	_	start_char=26118|end_char=26122
4668	tyranny	_	_	_	_	4667	_	_	start_char=26123|end_char=26130
4669	of	_	_	_	_	4668	_	_	start_char=26131|end_char=26133
4670	despair,	_	_	_	_	4669	_	_	start_char=26134|end_char=26142
4671	he	_	_	_	_	4670	_	_	start_char=26143|end_char=26145
4672	led	_	_	_	_	4671	_	_	start_char=26146|end_char=26149
4673	me	_	_	_	_	4672	_	_	start_char=26150|end_char=26152
4674	again	_	_	_	_	4673	_	_	start_char=26153|end_char=26158
4675	to	_	_	_	_	4674	_	_	start_char=26159|end_char=26161
4676	converse	_	_	_	_	4675	_	_	start_char=26162|end_char=26170
4677	concerning	_	_	_	_	4676	_	_	start_char=26171|end_char=26181
4678	myself	_	_	_	_	4677	_	_	start_char=26182|end_char=26188
4679	personally.	_	_	_	_	4678	_	_	start_char=26189|end_char=26200
4680	He	_	_	_	_	4679	_	_	start_char=26201|end_char=26203
4681	asked	_	_	_	_	4680	_	_	start_char=26204|end_char=26209
4682	me	_	_	_	_	4681	_	_	start_char=26210|end_char=26212
4683	the	_	_	_	_	4682	_	_	start_char=26213|end_char=26216
4684	history	_	_	_	_	4683	_	_	start_char=26217|end_char=26224
4685	of	_	_	_	_	4684	_	_	start_char=26225|end_char=26227
4686	my	_	_	_	_	4685	_	_	start_char=26228|end_char=26230
4687	earlier	_	_	_	_	4686	_	_	start_char=26231|end_char=26238
4688	years.	_	_	_	_	4687	_	_	start_char=26239|end_char=26245
4689	The	_	_	_	_	4688	_	_	start_char=26246|end_char=26249
4690	tale	_	_	_	_	4689	_	_	start_char=26250|end_char=26254
4691	was	_	_	_	_	4690	_	_	start_char=26255|end_char=26258
4692	quickly	_	_	_	_	4691	_	_	start_char=26259|end_char=26266
4693	told,	_	_	_	_	4692	_	_	start_char=26267|end_char=26272
4694	but	_	_	_	_	4693	_	_	start_char=26273|end_char=26276
4695	it	_	_	_	_	4694	_	_	start_char=26277|end_char=26279
4696	awakened	_	_	_	_	4695	_	_	start_char=26280|end_char=26288
4697	various	_	_	_	_	4696	_	_	start_char=26289|end_char=26296
4698	trains	_	_	_	_	4697	_	_	start_char=26297|end_char=26303
4699	of	_	_	_	_	4698	_	_	start_char=26304|end_char=26306
4700	reflection.	_	_	_	_	4699	_	_	start_char=26307|end_char=26318
4701	I	_	_	_	_	4700	_	_	start_char=26319|end_char=26320
4702	spoke	_	_	_	_	4701	_	_	start_char=26321|end_char=26326
4703	of	_	_	_	_	4702	_	_	start_char=26327|end_char=26329
4704	my	_	_	_	_	4703	_	_	start_char=26330|end_char=26332
4705	desire	_	_	_	_	4704	_	_	start_char=26333|end_char=26339
4706	of	_	_	_	_	4705	_	_	start_char=26340|end_char=26342
4707	finding	_	_	_	_	4706	_	_	start_char=26343|end_char=26350
4708	a	_	_	_	_	4707	_	_	start_char=26351|end_char=26352
4709	friend,	_	_	_	_	4708	_	_	start_char=26353|end_char=26360
4710	of	_	_	_	_	4709	_	_	start_char=26361|end_char=26363
4711	my	_	_	_	_	4710	_	_	start_char=26364|end_char=26366
4712	thirst	_	_	_	_	4711	_	_	start_char=26367|end_char=26373
4713	for	_	_	_	_	4712	_	_	start_char=26374|end_char=26377
4714	a	_	_	_	_	4713	_	_	start_char=26378|end_char=26379
4715	more	_	_	_	_	4714	_	_	start_char=26380|end_char=26384
4716	intimate	_	_	_	_	4715	_	_	start_char=26385|end_char=26393
4717	sympathy	_	_	_	_	4716	_	_	start_char=26394|end_char=26402
4718	with	_	_	_	_	4717	_	_	start_char=26403|end_char=26407
4719	a	_	_	_	_	4718	_	_	start_char=26408|end_char=26409
4720	fellow	_	_	_	_	4719	_	_	start_char=26410|end_char=26416
4721	mind	_	_	_	_	4720	_	_	start_char=26417|end_char=26421
4722	than	_	_	_	_	4721	_	_	start_char=26422|end_char=26426
4723	had	_	_	_	_	4722	_	_	start_char=26427|end_char=26430
4724	ever	_	_	_	_	4723	_	_	start_char=26431|end_char=26435
4725	fallen	_	_	_	_	4724	_	_	start_char=26436|end_char=26442
4726	to	_	_	_	_	4725	_	_	start_char=26443|end_char=26445
4727	my	_	_	_	_	4726	_	_	start_char=26446|end_char=26448
4728	lot,	_	_	_	_	4727	_	_	start_char=26449|end_char=26453
4729	and	_	_	_	_	4728	_	_	start_char=26454|end_char=26457
4730	expressed	_	_	_	_	4729	_	_	start_char=26458|end_char=26467
4731	my	_	_	_	_	4730	_	_	start_char=26468|end_char=26470
4732	conviction	_	_	_	_	4731	_	_	start_char=26471|end_char=26481
4733	that	_	_	_	_	4732	_	_	start_char=26482|end_char=26486
4734	a	_	_	_	_	4733	_	_	start_char=26487|end_char=26488
4735	man	_	_	_	_	4734	_	_	start_char=26489|end_char=26492
4736	could	_	_	_	_	4735	_	_	start_char=26493|end_char=26498
4737	boast	_	_	_	_	4736	_	_	start_char=26499|end_char=26504
4738	of	_	_	_	_	4737	_	_	start_char=26505|end_char=26507
4739	little	_	_	_	_	4738	_	_	start_char=26508|end_char=26514
4740	happiness	_	_	_	_	4739	_	_	start_char=26515|end_char=26524
4741	who	_	_	_	_	4740	_	_	start_char=26525|end_char=26528
4742	did	_	_	_	_	4741	_	_	start_char=26529|end_char=26532
4743	not	_	_	_	_	4742	_	_	start_char=26533|end_char=26536
4744	enjoy	_	_	_	_	4743	_	_	start_char=26537|end_char=26542
4745	this	_	_	_	_	4744	_	_	start_char=26543|end_char=26547
4746	blessing.	_	_	_	_	4745	_	_	start_char=26548|end_char=26557
4747	“I	_	_	_	_	4746	_	_	start_char=26558|end_char=26560
4748	agree	_	_	_	_	4747	_	_	start_char=26561|end_char=26566
4749	with	_	_	_	_	4748	_	_	start_char=26567|end_char=26571
4750	you,”	_	_	_	_	4749	_	_	start_char=26572|end_char=26577
4751	replied	_	_	_	_	4750	_	_	start_char=26578|end_char=26585
4752	the	_	_	_	_	4751	_	_	start_char=26586|end_char=26589
4753	stranger;	_	_	_	_	4752	_	_	start_char=26590|end_char=26599
4754	“we	_	_	_	_	4753	_	_	start_char=26600|end_char=26603
4755	are	_	_	_	_	4754	_	_	start_char=26604|end_char=26607
4756	unfashioned	_	_	_	_	4755	_	_	start_char=26608|end_char=26619
4757	creatures,	_	_	_	_	4756	_	_	start_char=26620|end_char=26630
4758	but	_	_	_	_	4757	_	_	start_char=26631|end_char=26634
4759	half	_	_	_	_	4758	_	_	start_char=26635|end_char=26639
4760	made	_	_	_	_	4759	_	_	start_char=26640|end_char=26644
4761	up,	_	_	_	_	4760	_	_	start_char=26645|end_char=26648
4762	if	_	_	_	_	4761	_	_	start_char=26649|end_char=26651
4763	one	_	_	_	_	4762	_	_	start_char=26652|end_char=26655
4764	wiser,	_	_	_	_	4763	_	_	start_char=26656|end_char=26662
4765	better,	_	_	_	_	4764	_	_	start_char=26663|end_char=26670
4766	dearer	_	_	_	_	4765	_	_	start_char=26671|end_char=26677
4767	than	_	_	_	_	4766	_	_	start_char=26678|end_char=26682
4768	ourselves—such	_	_	_	_	4767	_	_	start_char=26683|end_char=26697
4769	a	_	_	_	_	4768	_	_	start_char=26698|end_char=26699
4770	friend	_	_	_	_	4769	_	_	start_char=26700|end_char=26706
4771	ought	_	_	_	_	4770	_	_	start_char=26707|end_char=26712
4772	to	_	_	_	_	4771	_	_	start_char=26713|end_char=26715
4773	be—do	_	_	_	_	4772	_	_	start_char=26716|end_char=26721
4774	not	_	_	_	_	4773	_	_	start_char=26722|end_char=26725
4775	lend	_	_	_	_	4774	_	_	start_char=26726|end_char=26730
4776	his	_	_	_	_	4775	_	_	start_char=26731|end_char=26734
4777	aid	_	_	_	_	4776	_	_	start_char=26735|end_char=26738
4778	to	_	_	_	_	4777	_	_	start_char=26739|end_char=26741
4779	perfectionate	_	_	_	_	4778	_	_	start_char=26742|end_char=26755
4780	our	_	_	_	_	4779	_	_	start_char=26756|end_char=26759
4781	weak	_	_	_	_	4780	_	_	start_char=26760|end_char=26764
4782	and	_	_	_	_	4781	_	_	start_char=26765|end_char=26768
4783	faulty	_	_	_	_	4782	_	_	start_char=26769|end_char=26775
4784	natures.	_	_	_	_	4783	_	_	start_char=26776|end_char=26784
4785	I	_	_	_	_	4784	_	_	start_char=26785|end_char=26786
4786	once	_	_	_	_	4785	_	_	start_char=26787|end_char=26791
4787	had	_	_	_	_	4786	_	_	start_char=26792|end_char=26795
4788	a	_	_	_	_	4787	_	_	start_char=26796|end_char=26797
4789	friend,	_	_	_	_	4788	_	_	start_char=26798|end_char=26805
4790	the	_	_	_	_	4789	_	_	start_char=26806|end_char=26809
4791	most	_	_	_	_	4790	_	_	start_char=26810|end_char=26814
4792	noble	_	_	_	_	4791	_	_	start_char=26815|end_char=26820
4793	of	_	_	_	_	4792	_	_	start_char=26821|end_char=26823
4794	human	_	_	_	_	4793	_	_	start_char=26824|end_char=26829
4795	creatures,	_	_	_	_	4794	_	_	start_char=26830|end_char=26840
4796	and	_	_	_	_	4795	_	_	start_char=26841|end_char=26844
4797	am	_	_	_	_	4796	_	_	start_char=26845|end_char=26847
4798	entitled,	_	_	_	_	4797	_	_	start_char=26848|end_char=26857
4799	therefore,	_	_	_	_	4798	_	_	start_char=26858|end_char=26868
4800	to	_	_	_	_	4799	_	_	start_char=26869|end_char=26871
4801	judge	_	_	_	_	4800	_	_	start_char=26872|end_char=26877
4802	respecting	_	_	_	_	4801	_	_	start_char=26878|end_char=26888
4803	friendship.	_	_	_	_	4802	_	_	start_char=26889|end_char=26900
4804	You	_	_	_	_	4803	_	_	start_char=26901|end_char=26904
4805	have	_	_	_	_	4804	_	_	start_char=26905|end_char=26909
4806	hope,	_	_	_	_	4805	_	_	start_char=26910|end_char=26915
4807	and	_	_	_	_	4806	_	_	start_char=26916|end_char=26919
4808	the	_	_	_	_	4807	_	_	start_char=26920|end_char=26923
4809	world	_	_	_	_	4808	_	_	start_char=26924|end_char=26929
4810	before	_	_	_	_	4809	_	_	start_char=26930|end_char=26936
4811	you,	_	_	_	_	4810	_	_	start_char=26937|end_char=26941
4812	and	_	_	_	_	4811	_	_	start_char=26942|end_char=26945
4813	have	_	_	_	_	4812	_	_	start_char=26946|end_char=26950
4814	no	_	_	_	_	4813	_	_	start_char=26951|end_char=26953
4815	cause	_	_	_	_	4814	_	_	start_char=26954|end_char=26959
4816	for	_	_	_	_	4815	_	_	start_char=26960|end_char=26963
4817	despair.	_	_	_	_	4816	_	_	start_char=26964|end_char=26972
4818	But	_	_	_	_	4817	_	_	start_char=26973|end_char=26976
4819	I—I	_	_	_	_	4818	_	_	start_char=26977|end_char=26980
4820	have	_	_	_	_	4819	_	_	start_char=26981|end_char=26985
4821	lost	_	_	_	_	4820	_	_	start_char=26986|end_char=26990
4822	everything	_	_	_	_	4821	_	_	start_char=26991|end_char=27001
4823	and	_	_	_	_	4822	_	_	start_char=27002|end_char=27005
4824	cannot	_	_	_	_	4823	_	_	start_char=27006|end_char=27012
4825	begin	_	_	_	_	4824	_	_	start_char=27013|end_char=27018
4826	life	_	_	_	_	4825	_	_	start_char=27019|end_char=27023
4827	anew.”	_	_	_	_	4826	_	_	start_char=27024|end_char=27030
4828	As	_	_	_	_	4827	_	_	start_char=27031|end_char=27033
4829	he	_	_	_	_	4828	_	_	start_char=27034|end_char=27036
4830	said	_	_	_	_	4829	_	_	start_char=27037|end_char=27041
4831	this	_	_	_	_	4830	_	_	start_char=27042|end_char=27046
4832	his	_	_	_	_	4831	_	_	start_char=27047|end_char=27050
4833	countenance	_	_	_	_	4832	_	_	start_char=27051|end_char=27062
4834	became	_	_	_	_	4833	_	_	start_char=27063|end_char=27069
4835	expressive	_	_	_	_	4834	_	_	start_char=27070|end_char=27080
4836	of	_	_	_	_	4835	_	_	start_char=27081|end_char=27083
4837	a	_	_	_	_	4836	_	_	start_char=27084|end_char=27085
4838	calm,	_	_	_	_	4837	_	_	start_char=27086|end_char=27091
4839	settled	_	_	_	_	4838	_	_	start_char=27092|end_char=27099
4840	grief	_	_	_	_	4839	_	_	start_char=27100|end_char=27105
4841	that	_	_	_	_	4840	_	_	start_char=27106|end_char=27110
4842	touched	_	_	_	_	4841	_	_	start_char=27111|end_char=27118
4843	me	_	_	_	_	4842	_	_	start_char=27119|end_char=27121
4844	to	_	_	_	_	4843	_	_	start_char=27122|end_char=27124
4845	the	_	_	_	_	4844	_	_	start_char=27125|end_char=27128
4846	heart.	_	_	_	_	4845	_	_	start_char=27129|end_char=27135
4847	But	_	_	_	_	4846	_	_	start_char=27136|end_char=27139
4848	he	_	_	_	_	4847	_	_	start_char=27140|end_char=27142
4849	was	_	_	_	_	4848	_	_	start_char=27143|end_char=27146
4850	silent	_	_	_	_	4849	_	_	start_char=27147|end_char=27153
4851	and	_	_	_	_	4850	_	_	start_char=27154|end_char=27157
4852	presently	_	_	_	_	4851	_	_	start_char=27158|end_char=27167
4853	retired	_	_	_	_	4852	_	_	start_char=27168|end_char=27175
4854	to	_	_	_	_	4853	_	_	start_char=27176|end_char=27178
4855	his	_	_	_	_	4854	_	_	start_char=27179|end_char=27182
4856	cabin.	_	_	_	_	4855	_	_	start_char=27183|end_char=27189
4857	Even	_	_	_	_	4856	_	_	start_char=27190|end_char=27194
4858	broken	_	_	_	_	4857	_	_	start_char=27195|end_char=27201
4859	in	_	_	_	_	4858	_	_	start_char=27202|end_char=27204
4860	spirit	_	_	_	_	4859	_	_	start_char=27205|end_char=27211
4861	as	_	_	_	_	4860	_	_	start_char=27212|end_char=27214
4862	he	_	_	_	_	4861	_	_	start_char=27215|end_char=27217
4863	is,	_	_	_	_	4862	_	_	start_char=27218|end_char=27221
4864	no	_	_	_	_	4863	_	_	start_char=27222|end_char=27224
4865	one	_	_	_	_	4864	_	_	start_char=27225|end_char=27228
4866	can	_	_	_	_	4865	_	_	start_char=27229|end_char=27232
4867	feel	_	_	_	_	4866	_	_	start_char=27233|end_char=27237
4868	more	_	_	_	_	4867	_	_	start_char=27238|end_char=27242
4869	deeply	_	_	_	_	4868	_	_	start_char=27243|end_char=27249
4870	than	_	_	_	_	4869	_	_	start_char=27250|end_char=27254
4871	he	_	_	_	_	4870	_	_	start_char=27255|end_char=27257
4872	does	_	_	_	_	4871	_	_	start_char=27258|end_char=27262
4873	the	_	_	_	_	4872	_	_	start_char=27263|end_char=27266
4874	beauties	_	_	_	_	4873	_	_	start_char=27267|end_char=27275
4875	of	_	_	_	_	4874	_	_	start_char=27276|end_char=27278
4876	nature.	_	_	_	_	4875	_	_	start_char=27279|end_char=27286
4877	The	_	_	_	_	4876	_	_	start_char=27287|end_char=27290
4878	starry	_	_	_	_	4877	_	_	start_char=27291|end_char=27297
4879	sky,	_	_	_	_	4878	_	_	start_char=27298|end_char=27302
4880	the	_	_	_	_	4879	_	_	start_char=27303|end_char=27306
4881	sea,	_	_	_	_	4880	_	_	start_char=27307|end_char=27311
4882	and	_	_	_	_	4881	_	_	start_char=27312|end_char=27315
4883	every	_	_	_	_	4882	_	_	start_char=27316|end_char=27321
4884	sight	_	_	_	_	4883	_	_	start_char=27322|end_char=27327
4885	afforded	_	_	_	_	4884	_	_	start_char=27328|end_char=27336
4886	by	_	_	_	_	4885	_	_	start_char=27337|end_char=27339
4887	these	_	_	_	_	4886	_	_	start_char=27340|end_char=27345
4888	wonderful	_	_	_	_	4887	_	_	start_char=27346|end_char=27355
4889	regions	_	_	_	_	4888	_	_	start_char=27356|end_char=27363
4890	seem	_	_	_	_	4889	_	_	start_char=27364|end_char=27368
4891	still	_	_	_	_	4890	_	_	start_char=27369|end_char=27374
4892	to	_	_	_	_	4891	_	_	start_char=27375|end_char=27377
4893	have	_	_	_	_	4892	_	_	start_char=27378|end_char=27382
4894	the	_	_	_	_	4893	_	_	start_char=27383|end_char=27386
4895	power	_	_	_	_	4894	_	_	start_char=27387|end_char=27392
4896	of	_	_	_	_	4895	_	_	start_char=27393|end_char=27395
4897	elevating	_	_	_	_	4896	_	_	start_char=27396|end_char=27405
4898	his	_	_	_	_	4897	_	_	start_char=27406|end_char=27409
4899	soul	_	_	_	_	4898	_	_	start_char=27410|end_char=27414
4900	from	_	_	_	_	4899	_	_	start_char=27415|end_char=27419
4901	earth.	_	_	_	_	4900	_	_	start_char=27420|end_char=27426
4902	Such	_	_	_	_	4901	_	_	start_char=27427|end_char=27431
4903	a	_	_	_	_	4902	_	_	start_char=27432|end_char=27433
4904	man	_	_	_	_	4903	_	_	start_char=27434|end_char=27437
4905	has	_	_	_	_	4904	_	_	start_char=27438|end_char=27441
4906	a	_	_	_	_	4905	_	_	start_char=27442|end_char=27443
4907	double	_	_	_	_	4906	_	_	start_char=27444|end_char=27450
4908	existence:	_	_	_	_	4907	_	_	start_char=27451|end_char=27461
4909	he	_	_	_	_	4908	_	_	start_char=27462|end_char=27464
4910	may	_	_	_	_	4909	_	_	start_char=27465|end_char=27468
4911	suffer	_	_	_	_	4910	_	_	start_char=27469|end_char=27475
4912	misery	_	_	_	_	4911	_	_	start_char=27476|end_char=27482
4913	and	_	_	_	_	4912	_	_	start_char=27483|end_char=27486
4914	be	_	_	_	_	4913	_	_	start_char=27487|end_char=27489
4915	overwhelmed	_	_	_	_	4914	_	_	start_char=27490|end_char=27501
4916	by	_	_	_	_	4915	_	_	start_char=27502|end_char=27504
4917	disappointments,	_	_	_	_	4916	_	_	start_char=27505|end_char=27521
4918	yet	_	_	_	_	4917	_	_	start_char=27522|end_char=27525
4919	when	_	_	_	_	4918	_	_	start_char=27526|end_char=27530
4920	he	_	_	_	_	4919	_	_	start_char=27531|end_char=27533
4921	has	_	_	_	_	4920	_	_	start_char=27534|end_char=27537
4922	retired	_	_	_	_	4921	_	_	start_char=27538|end_char=27545
4923	into	_	_	_	_	4922	_	_	start_char=27546|end_char=27550
4924	himself,	_	_	_	_	4923	_	_	start_char=27551|end_char=27559
4925	he	_	_	_	_	4924	_	_	start_char=27560|end_char=27562
4926	will	_	_	_	_	4925	_	_	start_char=27563|end_char=27567
4927	be	_	_	_	_	4926	_	_	start_char=27568|end_char=27570
4928	like	_	_	_	_	4927	_	_	start_char=27571|end_char=27575
4929	a	_	_	_	_	4928	_	_	start_char=27576|end_char=27577
4930	celestial	_	_	_	_	4929	_	_	start_char=27578|end_char=27587
4931	spirit	_	_	_	_	4930	_	_	start_char=27588|end_char=27594
4932	that	_	_	_	_	4931	_	_	start_char=27595|end_char=27599
4933	has	_	_	_	_	4932	_	_	start_char=27600|end_char=27603
4934	a	_	_	_	_	4933	_	_	start_char=27604|end_char=27605
4935	halo	_	_	_	_	4934	_	_	start_char=27606|end_char=27610
4936	around	_	_	_	_	4935	_	_	start_char=27611|end_char=27617
4937	him,	_	_	_	_	4936	_	_	start_char=27618|end_char=27622
4938	within	_	_	_	_	4937	_	_	start_char=27623|end_char=27629
4939	whose	_	_	_	_	4938	_	_	start_char=27630|end_char=27635
4940	circle	_	_	_	_	4939	_	_	start_char=27636|end_char=27642
4941	no	_	_	_	_	4940	_	_	start_char=27643|end_char=27645
4942	grief	_	_	_	_	4941	_	_	start_char=27646|end_char=27651
4943	or	_	_	_	_	4942	_	_	start_char=27652|end_char=27654
4944	folly	_	_	_	_	4943	_	_	start_char=27655|end_char=27660
4945	ventures.	_	_	_	_	4944	_	_	start_char=27661|end_char=27670
4946	Will	_	_	_	_	4945	_	_	start_char=27671|end_char=27675
4947	you	_	_	_	_	4946	_	_	start_char=27676|end_char=27679
4948	smile	_	_	_	_	4947	_	_	start_char=27680|end_char=27685
4949	at	_	_	_	_	4948	_	_	start_char=27686|end_char=27688
4950	the	_	_	_	_	4949	_	_	start_char=27689|end_char=27692
4951	enthusiasm	_	_	_	_	4950	_	_	start_char=27693|end_char=27703
4952	I	_	_	_	_	4951	_	_	start_char=27704|end_char=27705
4953	express	_	_	_	_	4952	_	_	start_char=27706|end_char=27713
4954	concerning	_	_	_	_	4953	_	_	start_char=27714|end_char=27724
4955	this	_	_	_	_	4954	_	_	start_char=27725|end_char=27729
4956	divine	_	_	_	_	4955	_	_	start_char=27730|end_char=27736
4957	wanderer?	_	_	_	_	4956	_	_	start_char=27737|end_char=27746
4958	You	_	_	_	_	4957	_	_	start_char=27747|end_char=27750
4959	would	_	_	_	_	4958	_	_	start_char=27751|end_char=27756
4960	not	_	_	_	_	4959	_	_	start_char=27757|end_char=27760
4961	if	_	_	_	_	4960	_	_	start_char=27761|end_char=27763
4962	you	_	_	_	_	4961	_	_	start_char=27764|end_char=27767
4963	saw	_	_	_	_	4962	_	_	start_char=27768|end_char=27771
4964	him.	_	_	_	_	4963	_	_	start_char=27772|end_char=27776
4965	You	_	_	_	_	4964	_	_	start_char=27777|end_char=27780
4966	have	_	_	_	_	4965	_	_	start_char=27781|end_char=27785
4967	been	_	_	_	_	4966	_	_	start_char=27786|end_char=27790
4968	tutored	_	_	_	_	4967	_	_	start_char=27791|end_char=27798
4969	and	_	_	_	_	4968	_	_	start_char=27799|end_char=27802
4970	refined	_	_	_	_	4969	_	_	start_char=27803|end_char=27810
4971	by	_	_	_	_	4970	_	_	start_char=27811|end_char=27813
4972	books	_	_	_	_	4971	_	_	start_char=27814|end_char=27819
4973	and	_	_	_	_	4972	_	_	start_char=27820|end_char=27823
4974	retirement	_	_	_	_	4973	_	_	start_char=27824|end_char=27834
4975	from	_	_	_	_	4974	_	_	start_char=27835|end_char=27839
4976	the	_	_	_	_	4975	_	_	start_char=27840|end_char=27843
4977	world,	_	_	_	_	4976	_	_	start_char=27844|end_char=27850
4978	and	_	_	_	_	4977	_	_	start_char=27851|end_char=27854
4979	you	_	_	_	_	4978	_	_	start_char=27855|end_char=27858
4980	are	_	_	_	_	4979	_	_	start_char=27859|end_char=27862
4981	therefore	_	_	_	_	4980	_	_	start_char=27863|end_char=27872
4982	somewhat	_	_	_	_	4981	_	_	start_char=27873|end_char=27881
4983	fastidious;	_	_	_	_	4982	_	_	start_char=27882|end_char=27893
4984	but	_	_	_	_	4983	_	_	start_char=27894|end_char=27897
4985	this	_	_	_	_	4984	_	_	start_char=27898|end_char=27902
4986	only	_	_	_	_	4985	_	_	start_char=27903|end_char=27907
4987	renders	_	_	_	_	4986	_	_	start_char=27908|end_char=27915
4988	you	_	_	_	_	4987	_	_	start_char=27916|end_char=27919
4989	the	_	_	_	_	4988	_	_	start_char=27920|end_char=27923
4990	more	_	_	_	_	4989	_	_	start_char=27924|end_char=27928
4991	fit	_	_	_	_	4990	_	_	start_char=27929|end_char=27932
4992	to	_	_	_	_	4991	_	_	start_char=27933|end_char=27935
4993	appreciate	_	_	_	_	4992	_	_	start_char=27936|end_char=27946
4994	the	_	_	_	_	4993	_	_	start_char=27947|end_char=27950
4995	extraordinary	_	_	_	_	4994	_	_	start_char=27951|end_char=27964
4996	merits	_	_	_	_	4995	_	_	start_char=27965|end_char=27971
4997	of	_	_	_	_	4996	_	_	start_char=27972|end_char=27974
4998	this	_	_	_	_	4997	_	_	start_char=27975|end_char=27979
4999	wonderful	_	_	_	_	4998	_	_	start_char=27980|end_char=27989
5000	man.	_	_	_	_	4999	_	_	start_char=27990|end_char=27994
5001	Sometimes	_	_	_	_	5000	_	_	start_char=27995|end_char=28004
5002	I	_	_	_	_	5001	_	_	start_char=28005|end_char=28006
5003	have	_	_	_	_	5002	_	_	start_char=28007|end_char=28011
5004	endeavoured	_	_	_	_	5003	_	_	start_char=28012|end_char=28023
5005	to	_	_	_	_	5004	_	_	start_char=28024|end_char=28026
5006	discover	_	_	_	_	5005	_	_	start_char=28027|end_char=28035
5007	what	_	_	_	_	5006	_	_	start_char=28036|end_char=28040
5008	quality	_	_	_	_	5007	_	_	start_char=28041|end_char=28048
5009	it	_	_	_	_	5008	_	_	start_char=28049|end_char=28051
5010	is	_	_	_	_	5009	_	_	start_char=28052|end_char=28054
5011	which	_	_	_	_	5010	_	_	start_char=28055|end_char=28060
5012	he	_	_	_	_	5011	_	_	start_char=28061|end_char=28063
5013	possesses	_	_	_	_	5012	_	_	start_char=28064|end_char=28073
5014	that	_	_	_	_	5013	_	_	start_char=28074|end_char=28078
5015	elevates	_	_	_	_	5014	_	_	start_char=28079|end_char=28087
5016	him	_	_	_	_	5015	_	_	start_char=28088|end_char=28091
5017	so	_	_	_	_	5016	_	_	start_char=28092|end_char=28094
5018	immeasurably	_	_	_	_	5017	_	_	start_char=28095|end_char=28107
5019	above	_	_	_	_	5018	_	_	start_char=28108|end_char=28113
5020	any	_	_	_	_	5019	_	_	start_char=28114|end_char=28117
5021	other	_	_	_	_	5020	_	_	start_char=28118|end_char=28123
5022	person	_	_	_	_	5021	_	_	start_char=28124|end_char=28130
5023	I	_	_	_	_	5022	_	_	start_char=28131|end_char=28132
5024	ever	_	_	_	_	5023	_	_	start_char=28133|end_char=28137
5025	knew.	_	_	_	_	5024	_	_	start_char=28138|end_char=28143
5026	I	_	_	_	_	5025	_	_	start_char=28144|end_char=28145
5027	believe	_	_	_	_	5026	_	_	start_char=28146|end_char=28153
5028	it	_	_	_	_	5027	_	_	start_char=28154|end_char=28156
5029	to	_	_	_	_	5028	_	_	start_char=28157|end_char=28159
5030	be	_	_	_	_	5029	_	_	start_char=28160|end_char=28162
5031	an	_	_	_	_	5030	_	_	start_char=28163|end_char=28165
5032	intuitive	_	_	_	_	5031	_	_	start_char=28166|end_char=28175
5033	discernment,	_	_	_	_	5032	_	_	start_char=28176|end_char=28188
5034	a	_	_	_	_	5033	_	_	start_char=28189|end_char=28190
5035	quick	_	_	_	_	5034	_	_	start_char=28191|end_char=28196
5036	but	_	_	_	_	5035	_	_	start_char=28197|end_char=28200
5037	never-failing	_	_	_	_	5036	_	_	start_char=28201|end_char=28214
5038	power	_	_	_	_	5037	_	_	start_char=28215|end_char=28220
5039	of	_	_	_	_	5038	_	_	start_char=28221|end_char=28223
5040	judgment,	_	_	_	_	5039	_	_	start_char=28224|end_char=28233
5041	a	_	_	_	_	5040	_	_	start_char=28234|end_char=28235
5042	penetration	_	_	_	_	5041	_	_	start_char=28236|end_char=28247
5043	into	_	_	_	_	5042	_	_	start_char=28248|end_char=28252
5044	the	_	_	_	_	5043	_	_	start_char=28253|end_char=28256
5045	causes	_	_	_	_	5044	_	_	start_char=28257|end_char=28263
5046	of	_	_	_	_	5045	_	_	start_char=28264|end_char=28266
5047	things,	_	_	_	_	5046	_	_	start_char=28267|end_char=28274
5048	unequalled	_	_	_	_	5047	_	_	start_char=28275|end_char=28285
5049	for	_	_	_	_	5048	_	_	start_char=28286|end_char=28289
5050	clearness	_	_	_	_	5049	_	_	start_char=28290|end_char=28299
5051	and	_	_	_	_	5050	_	_	start_char=28300|end_char=28303
5052	precision;	_	_	_	_	5051	_	_	start_char=28304|end_char=28314
5053	add	_	_	_	_	5052	_	_	start_char=28315|end_char=28318
5054	to	_	_	_	_	5053	_	_	start_char=28319|end_char=28321
5055	this	_	_	_	_	5054	_	_	start_char=28322|end_char=28326
5056	a	_	_	_	_	5055	_	_	start_char=28327|end_char=28328
5057	facility	_	_	_	_	5056	_	_	start_char=28329|end_char=28337
5058	of	_	_	_	_	5057	_	_	start_char=28338|end_char=28340
5059	expression	_	_	_	_	5058	_	_	start_char=28341|end_char=28351
5060	and	_	_	_	_	5059	_	_	start_char=28352|end_char=28355
5061	a	_	_	_	_	5060	_	_	start_char=28356|end_char=28357
5062	voice	_	_	_	_	5061	_	_	start_char=28358|end_char=28363
5063	whose	_	_	_	_	5062	_	_	start_char=28364|end_char=28369
5064	varied	_	_	_	_	5063	_	_	start_char=28370|end_char=28376
5065	intonations	_	_	_	_	5064	_	_	start_char=28377|end_char=28388
5066	are	_	_	_	_	5065	_	_	start_char=28389|end_char=28392
5067	soul-subduing	_	_	_	_	5066	_	_	start_char=28393|end_char=28406
5068	music.	_	_	_	_	5067	_	_	start_char=28407|end_char=28413
5069	August	_	_	_	_	5068	_	_	start_char=28414|end_char=28420
5070	19th,	_	_	_	_	5069	_	_	start_char=28421|end_char=28426
5071	17—.	_	_	_	_	5070	_	_	start_char=28427|end_char=28431
5072	Yesterday	_	_	_	_	5071	_	_	start_char=28432|end_char=28441
5073	the	_	_	_	_	5072	_	_	start_char=28442|end_char=28445
5074	stranger	_	_	_	_	5073	_	_	start_char=28446|end_char=28454
5075	said	_	_	_	_	5074	_	_	start_char=28455|end_char=28459
5076	to	_	_	_	_	5075	_	_	start_char=28460|end_char=28462
5077	me,	_	_	_	_	5076	_	_	start_char=28463|end_char=28466
5078	“You	_	_	_	_	5077	_	_	start_char=28467|end_char=28471
5079	may	_	_	_	_	5078	_	_	start_char=28472|end_char=28475
5080	easily	_	_	_	_	5079	_	_	start_char=28476|end_char=28482
5081	perceive,	_	_	_	_	5080	_	_	start_char=28483|end_char=28492
5082	Captain	_	_	_	_	5081	_	_	start_char=28493|end_char=28500
5083	Walton,	_	_	_	_	5082	_	_	start_char=28501|end_char=28508
5084	that	_	_	_	_	5083	_	_	start_char=28509|end_char=28513
5085	I	_	_	_	_	5084	_	_	start_char=28514|end_char=28515
5086	have	_	_	_	_	5085	_	_	start_char=28516|end_char=28520
5087	suffered	_	_	_	_	5086	_	_	start_char=28521|end_char=28529
5088	great	_	_	_	_	5087	_	_	start_char=28530|end_char=28535
5089	and	_	_	_	_	5088	_	_	start_char=28536|end_char=28539
5090	unparalleled	_	_	_	_	5089	_	_	start_char=28540|end_char=28552
5091	misfortunes.	_	_	_	_	5090	_	_	start_char=28553|end_char=28565
5092	I	_	_	_	_	5091	_	_	start_char=28566|end_char=28567
5093	had	_	_	_	_	5092	_	_	start_char=28568|end_char=28571
5094	determined	_	_	_	_	5093	_	_	start_char=28572|end_char=28582
5095	at	_	_	_	_	5094	_	_	start_char=28583|end_char=28585
5096	one	_	_	_	_	5095	_	_	start_char=28586|end_char=28589
5097	time	_	_	_	_	5096	_	_	start_char=28590|end_char=28594
5098	that	_	_	_	_	5097	_	_	start_char=28595|end_char=28599
5099	the	_	_	_	_	5098	_	_	start_char=28600|end_char=28603
5100	memory	_	_	_	_	5099	_	_	start_char=28604|end_char=28610
5101	of	_	_	_	_	5100	_	_	start_char=28611|end_char=28613
5102	these	_	_	_	_	5101	_	_	start_char=28614|end_char=28619
5103	evils	_	_	_	_	5102	_	_	start_char=28620|end_char=28625
5104	should	_	_	_	_	5103	_	_	start_char=28626|end_char=28632
5105	die	_	_	_	_	5104	_	_	start_char=28633|end_char=28636
5106	with	_	_	_	_	5105	_	_	start_char=28637|end_char=28641
5107	me,	_	_	_	_	5106	_	_	start_char=28642|end_char=28645
5108	but	_	_	_	_	5107	_	_	start_char=28646|end_char=28649
5109	you	_	_	_	_	5108	_	_	start_char=28650|end_char=28653
5110	have	_	_	_	_	5109	_	_	start_char=28654|end_char=28658
5111	won	_	_	_	_	5110	_	_	start_char=28659|end_char=28662
5112	me	_	_	_	_	5111	_	_	start_char=28663|end_char=28665
5113	to	_	_	_	_	5112	_	_	start_char=28666|end_char=28668
5114	alter	_	_	_	_	5113	_	_	start_char=28669|end_char=28674
5115	my	_	_	_	_	5114	_	_	start_char=28675|end_char=28677
5116	determination.	_	_	_	_	5115	_	_	start_char=28678|end_char=28692
5117	You	_	_	_	_	5116	_	_	start_char=28693|end_char=28696
5118	seek	_	_	_	_	5117	_	_	start_char=28697|end_char=28701
5119	for	_	_	_	_	5118	_	_	start_char=28702|end_char=28705
5120	knowledge	_	_	_	_	5119	_	_	start_char=28706|end_char=28715
5121	and	_	_	_	_	5120	_	_	start_char=28716|end_char=28719
5122	wisdom,	_	_	_	_	5121	_	_	start_char=28720|end_char=28727
5123	as	_	_	_	_	5122	_	_	start_char=28728|end_char=28730
5124	I	_	_	_	_	5123	_	_	start_char=28731|end_char=28732
5125	once	_	_	_	_	5124	_	_	start_char=28733|end_char=28737
5126	did;	_	_	_	_	5125	_	_	start_char=28738|end_char=28742
5127	and	_	_	_	_	5126	_	_	start_char=28743|end_char=28746
5128	I	_	_	_	_	5127	_	_	start_char=28747|end_char=28748
5129	ardently	_	_	_	_	5128	_	_	start_char=28749|end_char=28757
5130	hope	_	_	_	_	5129	_	_	start_char=28758|end_char=28762
5131	that	_	_	_	_	5130	_	_	start_char=28763|end_char=28767
5132	the	_	_	_	_	5131	_	_	start_char=28768|end_char=28771
5133	gratification	_	_	_	_	5132	_	_	start_char=28772|end_char=28785
5134	of	_	_	_	_	5133	_	_	start_char=28786|end_char=28788
5135	your	_	_	_	_	5134	_	_	start_char=28789|end_char=28793
5136	wishes	_	_	_	_	5135	_	_	start_char=28794|end_char=28800
5137	may	_	_	_	_	5136	_	_	start_char=28801|end_char=28804
5138	not	_	_	_	_	5137	_	_	start_char=28805|end_char=28808
5139	be	_	_	_	_	5138	_	_	start_char=28809|end_char=28811
5140	a	_	_	_	_	5139	_	_	start_char=28812|end_char=28813
5141	serpent	_	_	_	_	5140	_	_	start_char=28814|end_char=28821
5142	to	_	_	_	_	5141	_	_	start_char=28822|end_char=28824
5143	sting	_	_	_	_	5142	_	_	start_char=28825|end_char=28830
5144	you,	_	_	_	_	5143	_	_	start_char=28831|end_char=28835
5145	as	_	_	_	_	5144	_	_	start_char=28836|end_char=28838
5146	mine	_	_	_	_	5145	_	_	start_char=28839|end_char=28843
5147	has	_	_	_	_	5146	_	_	start_char=28844|end_char=28847
5148	been.	_	_	_	_	5147	_	_	start_char=28848|end_char=28853
5149	I	_	_	_	_	5148	_	_	start_char=28854|end_char=28855
5150	do	_	_	_	_	5149	_	_	start_char=28856|end_char=28858
5151	not	_	_	_	_	5150	_	_	start_char=28859|end_char=28862
5152	know	_	_	_	_	5151	_	_	start_char=28863|end_char=28867
5153	that	_	_	_	_	5152	_	_	start_char=28868|end_char=28872
5154	the	_	_	_	_	5153	_	_	start_char=28873|end_char=28876
5155	relation	_	_	_	_	5154	_	_	start_char=28877|end_char=28885
5156	of	_	_	_	_	5155	_	_	start_char=28886|end_char=28888
5157	my	_	_	_	_	5156	_	_	start_char=28889|end_char=28891
5158	disasters	_	_	_	_	5157	_	_	start_char=28892|end_char=28901
5159	will	_	_	_	_	5158	_	_	start_char=28902|end_char=28906
5160	be	_	_	_	_	5159	_	_	start_char=28907|end_char=28909
5161	useful	_	_	_	_	5160	_	_	start_char=28910|end_char=28916
5162	to	_	_	_	_	5161	_	_	start_char=28917|end_char=28919
5163	you;	_	_	_	_	5162	_	_	start_char=28920|end_char=28924
5164	yet,	_	_	_	_	5163	_	_	start_char=28925|end_char=28929
5165	when	_	_	_	_	5164	_	_	start_char=28930|end_char=28934
5166	I	_	_	_	_	5165	_	_	start_char=28935|end_char=28936
5167	reflect	_	_	_	_	5166	_	_	start_char=28937|end_char=28944
5168	that	_	_	_	_	5167	_	_	start_char=28945|end_char=28949
5169	you	_	_	_	_	5168	_	_	start_char=28950|end_char=28953
5170	are	_	_	_	_	5169	_	_	start_char=28954|end_char=28957
5171	pursuing	_	_	_	_	5170	_	_	start_char=28958|end_char=28966
5172	the	_	_	_	_	5171	_	_	start_char=28967|end_char=28970
5173	same	_	_	_	_	5172	_	_	start_char=28971|end_char=28975
5174	course,	_	_	_	_	5173	_	_	start_char=28976|end_char=28983
5175	exposing	_	_	_	_	5174	_	_	start_char=28984|end_char=28992
5176	yourself	_	_	_	_	5175	_	_	start_char=28993|end_char=29001
5177	to	_	_	_	_	5176	_	_	start_char=29002|end_char=29004
5178	the	_	_	_	_	5177	_	_	start_char=29005|end_char=29008
5179	same	_	_	_	_	5178	_	_	start_char=29009|end_char=29013
5180	dangers	_	_	_	_	5179	_	_	start_char=29014|end_char=29021
5181	which	_	_	_	_	5180	_	_	start_char=29022|end_char=29027
5182	have	_	_	_	_	5181	_	_	start_char=29028|end_char=29032
5183	rendered	_	_	_	_	5182	_	_	start_char=29033|end_char=29041
5184	me	_	_	_	_	5183	_	_	start_char=29042|end_char=29044
5185	what	_	_	_	_	5184	_	_	start_char=29045|end_char=29049
5186	I	_	_	_	_	5185	_	_	start_char=29050|end_char=29051
5187	am,	_	_	_	_	5186	_	_	start_char=29052|end_char=29055
5188	I	_	_	_	_	5187	_	_	start_char=29056|end_char=29057
5189	imagine	_	_	_	_	5188	_	_	start_char=29058|end_char=29065
5190	that	_	_	_	_	5189	_	_	start_char=29066|end_char=29070
5191	you	_	_	_	_	5190	_	_	start_char=29071|end_char=29074
5192	may	_	_	_	_	5191	_	_	start_char=29075|end_char=29078
5193	deduce	_	_	_	_	5192	_	_	start_char=29079|end_char=29085
5194	an	_	_	_	_	5193	_	_	start_char=29086|end_char=29088
5195	apt	_	_	_	_	5194	_	_	start_char=29089|end_char=29092
5196	moral	_	_	_	_	5195	_	_	start_char=29093|end_char=29098
5197	from	_	_	_	_	5196	_	_	start_char=29099|end_char=29103
5198	my	_	_	_	_	5197	_	_	start_char=29104|end_char=29106
5199	tale,	_	_	_	_	5198	_	_	start_char=29107|end_char=29112
5200	one	_	_	_	_	5199	_	_	start_char=29113|end_char=29116
5201	that	_	_	_	_	5200	_	_	start_char=29117|end_char=29121
5202	may	_	_	_	_	5201	_	_	start_char=29122|end_char=29125
5203	direct	_	_	_	_	5202	_	_	start_char=29126|end_char=29132
5204	you	_	_	_	_	5203	_	_	start_char=29133|end_char=29136
5205	if	_	_	_	_	5204	_	_	start_char=29137|end_char=29139
5206	you	_	_	_	_	5205	_	_	start_char=29140|end_char=29143
5207	succeed	_	_	_	_	5206	_	_	start_char=29144|end_char=29151
5208	in	_	_	_	_	5207	_	_	start_char=29152|end_char=29154
5209	your	_	_	_	_	5208	_	_	start_char=29155|end_char=29159
5210	undertaking	_	_	_	_	5209	_	_	start_char=29160|end_char=29171
5211	and	_	_	_	_	5210	_	_	start_char=29172|end_char=29175
5212	console	_	_	_	_	5211	_	_	start_char=29176|end_char=29183
5213	you	_	_	_	_	5212	_	_	start_char=29184|end_char=29187
5214	in	_	_	_	_	5213	_	_	start_char=29188|end_char=29190
5215	case	_	_	_	_	5214	_	_	start_char=29191|end_char=29195
5216	of	_	_	_	_	5215	_	_	start_char=29196|end_char=29198
5217	failure.	_	_	_	_	5216	_	_	start_char=29199|end_char=29207
5218	Prepare	_	_	_	_	5217	_	_	start_char=29208|end_char=29215
5219	to	_	_	_	_	5218	_	_	start_char=29216|end_char=29218
5220	hear	_	_	_	_	5219	_	_	start_char=29219|end_char=29223
5221	of	_	_	_	_	5220	_	_	start_char=29224|end_char=29226
5222	occurrences	_	_	_	_	5221	_	_	start_char=29227|end_char=29238
5223	which	_	_	_	_	5222	_	_	start_char=29239|end_char=29244
5224	are	_	_	_	_	5223	_	_	start_char=29245|end_char=29248
5225	usually	_	_	_	_	5224	_	_	start_char=29249|end_char=29256
5226	deemed	_	_	_	_	5225	_	_	start_char=29257|end_char=29263
5227	marvellous.	_	_	_	_	5226	_	_	start_char=29264|end_char=29275
5228	Were	_	_	_	_	5227	_	_	start_char=29276|end_char=29280
5229	we	_	_	_	_	5228	_	_	start_char=29281|end_char=29283
5230	among	_	_	_	_	5229	_	_	start_char=29284|end_char=29289
5231	the	_	_	_	_	5230	_	_	start_char=29290|end_char=29293
5232	tamer	_	_	_	_	5231	_	_	start_char=29294|end_char=29299
5233	scenes	_	_	_	_	5232	_	_	start_char=29300|end_char=29306
5234	of	_	_	_	_	5233	_	_	start_char=29307|end_char=29309
5235	nature	_	_	_	_	5234	_	_	start_char=29310|end_char=29316
5236	I	_	_	_	_	5235	_	_	start_char=29317|end_char=29318
5237	might	_	_	_	_	5236	_	_	start_char=29319|end_char=29324
5238	fear	_	_	_	_	5237	_	_	start_char=29325|end_char=29329
5239	to	_	_	_	_	5238	_	_	start_char=29330|end_char=29332
5240	encounter	_	_	_	_	5239	_	_	start_char=29333|end_char=29342
5241	your	_	_	_	_	5240	_	_	start_char=29343|end_char=29347
5242	unbelief,	_	_	_	_	5241	_	_	start_char=29348|end_char=29357
5243	perhaps	_	_	_	_	5242	_	_	start_char=29358|end_char=29365
5244	your	_	_	_	_	5243	_	_	start_char=29366|end_char=29370
5245	ridicule;	_	_	_	_	5244	_	_	start_char=29371|end_char=29380
5246	but	_	_	_	_	5245	_	_	start_char=29381|end_char=29384
5247	many	_	_	_	_	5246	_	_	start_char=29385|end_char=29389
5248	things	_	_	_	_	5247	_	_	start_char=29390|end_char=29396
5249	will	_	_	_	_	5248	_	_	start_char=29397|end_char=29401
5250	appear	_	_	_	_	5249	_	_	start_char=29402|end_char=29408
5251	possible	_	_	_	_	5250	_	_	start_char=29409|end_char=29417
5252	in	_	_	_	_	5251	_	_	start_char=29418|end_char=29420
5253	these	_	_	_	_	5252	_	_	start_char=29421|end_char=29426
5254	wild	_	_	_	_	5253	_	_	start_char=29427|end_char=29431
5255	and	_	_	_	_	5254	_	_	start_char=29432|end_char=29435
5256	mysterious	_	_	_	_	5255	_	_	start_char=29436|end_char=29446
5257	regions	_	_	_	_	5256	_	_	start_char=29447|end_char=29454
5258	which	_	_	_	_	5257	_	_	start_char=29455|end_char=29460
5259	would	_	_	_	_	5258	_	_	start_char=29461|end_char=29466
5260	provoke	_	_	_	_	5259	_	_	start_char=29467|end_char=29474
5261	the	_	_	_	_	5260	_	_	start_char=29475|end_char=29478
5262	laughter	_	_	_	_	5261	_	_	start_char=29479|end_char=29487
5263	of	_	_	_	_	5262	_	_	start_char=29488|end_char=29490
5264	those	_	_	_	_	5263	_	_	start_char=29491|end_char=29496
5265	unacquainted	_	_	_	_	5264	_	_	start_char=29497|end_char=29509
5266	with	_	_	_	_	5265	_	_	start_char=29510|end_char=29514
5267	the	_	_	_	_	5266	_	_	start_char=29515|end_char=29518
5268	ever-varied	_	_	_	_	5267	_	_	start_char=29519|end_char=29530
5269	powers	_	_	_	_	5268	_	_	start_char=29531|end_char=29537
5270	of	_	_	_	_	5269	_	_	start_char=29538|end_char=29540
5271	nature;	_	_	_	_	5270	_	_	start_char=29541|end_char=29548
5272	nor	_	_	_	_	5271	_	_	start_char=29549|end_char=29552
5273	can	_	_	_	_	5272	_	_	start_char=29553|end_char=29556
5274	I	_	_	_	_	5273	_	_	start_char=29557|end_char=29558
5275	doubt	_	_	_	_	5274	_	_	start_char=29559|end_char=29564
5276	but	_	_	_	_	5275	_	_	start_char=29565|end_char=29568
5277	that	_	_	_	_	5276	_	_	start_char=29569|end_char=29573
5278	my	_	_	_	_	5277	_	_	start_char=29574|end_char=29576
5279	tale	_	_	_	_	5278	_	_	start_char=29577|end_char=29581
5280	conveys	_	_	_	_	5279	_	_	start_char=29582|end_char=29589
5281	in	_	_	_	_	5280	_	_	start_char=29590|end_char=29592
5282	its	_	_	_	_	5281	_	_	start_char=29593|end_char=29596
5283	series	_	_	_	_	5282	_	_	start_char=29597|end_char=29603
5284	internal	_	_	_	_	5283	_	_	start_char=29604|end_char=29612
5285	evidence	_	_	_	_	5284	_	_	start_char=29613|end_char=29621
5286	of	_	_	_	_	5285	_	_	start_char=29622|end_char=29624
5287	the	_	_	_	_	5286	_	_	start_char=29625|end_char=29628
5288	truth	_	_	_	_	5287	_	_	start_char=29629|end_char=29634
5289	of	_	_	_	_	5288	_	_	start_char=29635|end_char=29637
5290	the	_	_	_	_	5289	_	_	start_char=29638|end_char=29641
5291	events	_	_	_	_	5290	_	_	start_char=29642|end_char=29648
5292	of	_	_	_	_	5291	_	_	start_char=29649|end_char=29651
5293	which	_	_	_	_	5292	_	_	start_char=29652|end_char=29657
5294	it	_	_	_	_	5293	_	_	start_char=29658|end_char=29660
5295	is	_	_	_	_	5294	_	_	start_char=29661|end_char=29663
5296	composed.”	_	_	_	_	5295	_	_	start_char=29664|end_char=29674
5297	You	_	_	_	_	5296	_	_	start_char=29675|end_char=29678
5298	may	_	_	_	_	5297	_	_	start_char=29679|end_char=29682
5299	easily	_	_	_	_	5298	_	_	start_char=29683|end_char=29689
5300	imagine	_	_	_	_	5299	_	_	start_char=29690|end_char=29697
5301	that	_	_	_	_	5300	_	_	start_char=29698|end_char=29702
5302	I	_	_	_	_	5301	_	_	start_char=29703|end_char=29704
5303	was	_	_	_	_	5302	_	_	start_char=29705|end_char=29708
5304	much	_	_	_	_	5303	_	_	start_char=29709|end_char=29713
5305	gratified	_	_	_	_	5304	_	_	start_char=29714|end_char=29723
5306	by	_	_	_	_	5305	_	_	start_char=29724|end_char=29726
5307	the	_	_	_	_	5306	_	_	start_char=29727|end_char=29730
5308	offered	_	_	_	_	5307	_	_	start_char=29731|end_char=29738
5309	communication,	_	_	_	_	5308	_	_	start_char=29739|end_char=29753
5310	yet	_	_	_	_	5309	_	_	start_char=29754|end_char=29757
5311	I	_	_	_	_	5310	_	_	start_char=29758|end_char=29759
5312	could	_	_	_	_	5311	_	_	start_char=29760|end_char=29765
5313	not	_	_	_	_	5312	_	_	start_char=29766|end_char=29769
5314	endure	_	_	_	_	5313	_	_	start_char=29770|end_char=29776
5315	that	_	_	_	_	5314	_	_	start_char=29777|end_char=29781
5316	he	_	_	_	_	5315	_	_	start_char=29782|end_char=29784
5317	should	_	_	_	_	5316	_	_	start_char=29785|end_char=29791
5318	renew	_	_	_	_	5317	_	_	start_char=29792|end_char=29797
5319	his	_	_	_	_	5318	_	_	start_char=29798|end_char=29801
5320	grief	_	_	_	_	5319	_	_	start_char=29802|end_char=29807
5321	by	_	_	_	_	5320	_	_	start_char=29808|end_char=29810
5322	a	_	_	_	_	5321	_	_	start_char=29811|end_char=29812
5323	recital	_	_	_	_	5322	_	_	start_char=29813|end_char=29820
5324	of	_	_	_	_	5323	_	_	start_char=29821|end_char=29823
5325	his	_	_	_	_	5324	_	_	start_char=29824|end_char=29827
5326	misfortunes.	_	_	_	_	5325	_	_	start_char=29828|end_char=29840
5327	I	_	_	_	_	5326	_	_	start_char=29841|end_char=29842
5328	felt	_	_	_	_	5327	_	_	start_char=29843|end_char=29847
5329	the	_	_	_	_	5328	_	_	start_char=29848|end_char=29851
5330	greatest	_	_	_	_	5329	_	_	start_char=29852|end_char=29860
5331	eagerness	_	_	_	_	5330	_	_	start_char=29861|end_char=29870
5332	to	_	_	_	_	5331	_	_	start_char=29871|end_char=29873
5333	hear	_	_	_	_	5332	_	_	start_char=29874|end_char=29878
5334	the	_	_	_	_	5333	_	_	start_char=29879|end_char=29882
5335	promised	_	_	_	_	5334	_	_	start_char=29883|end_char=29891
5336	narrative,	_	_	_	_	5335	_	_	start_char=29892|end_char=29902
5337	partly	_	_	_	_	5336	_	_	start_char=29903|end_char=29909
5338	from	_	_	_	_	5337	_	_	start_char=29910|end_char=29914
5339	curiosity	_	_	_	_	5338	_	_	start_char=29915|end_char=29924
5340	and	_	_	_	_	5339	_	_	start_char=29925|end_char=29928
5341	partly	_	_	_	_	5340	_	_	start_char=29929|end_char=29935
5342	from	_	_	_	_	5341	_	_	start_char=29936|end_char=29940
5343	a	_	_	_	_	5342	_	_	start_char=29941|end_char=29942
5344	strong	_	_	_	_	5343	_	_	start_char=29943|end_char=29949
5345	desire	_	_	_	_	5344	_	_	start_char=29950|end_char=29956
5346	to	_	_	_	_	5345	_	_	start_char=29957|end_char=29959
5347	ameliorate	_	_	_	_	5346	_	_	start_char=29960|end_char=29970
5348	his	_	_	_	_	5347	_	_	start_char=29971|end_char=29974
5349	fate	_	_	_	_	5348	_	_	start_char=29975|end_char=29979
5350	if	_	_	_	_	5349	_	_	start_char=29980|end_char=29982
5351	it	_	_	_	_	5350	_	_	start_char=29983|end_char=29985
5352	were	_	_	_	_	5351	_	_	start_char=29986|end_char=29990
5353	in	_	_	_	_	5352	_	_	start_char=29991|end_char=29993
5354	my	_	_	_	_	5353	_	_	start_char=29994|end_char=29996
5355	power.	_	_	_	_	5354	_	_	start_char=29997|end_char=30003
5356	I	_	_	_	_	5355	_	_	start_char=30004|end_char=30005
5357	expressed	_	_	_	_	5356	_	_	start_char=30006|end_char=30015
5358	these	_	_	_	_	5357	_	_	start_char=30016|end_char=30021
5359	feelings	_	_	_	_	5358	_	_	start_char=30022|end_char=30030
5360	in	_	_	_	_	5359	_	_	start_char=30031|end_char=30033
5361	my	_	_	_	_	5360	_	_	start_char=30034|end_char=30036
5362	answer.	_	_	_	_	5361	_	_	start_char=30037|end_char=30044
5363	“I	_	_	_	_	5362	_	_	start_char=30045|end_char=30047
5364	thank	_	_	_	_	5363	_	_	start_char=30048|end_char=30053
5365	you,”	_	_	_	_	5364	_	_	start_char=30054|end_char=30059
5366	he	_	_	_	_	5365	_	_	start_char=30060|end_char=30062
5367	replied,	_	_	_	_	5366	_	_	start_char=30063|end_char=30071
5368	“for	_	_	_	_	5367	_	_	start_char=30072|end_char=30076
5369	your	_	_	_	_	5368	_	_	start_char=30077|end_char=30081
5370	sympathy,	_	_	_	_	5369	_	_	start_char=30082|end_char=30091
5371	but	_	_	_	_	5370	_	_	start_char=30092|end_char=30095
5372	it	_	_	_	_	5371	_	_	start_char=30096|end_char=30098
5373	is	_	_	_	_	5372	_	_	start_char=30099|end_char=30101
5374	useless;	_	_	_	_	5373	_	_	start_char=30102|end_char=30110
5375	my	_	_	_	_	5374	_	_	start_char=30111|end_char=30113
5376	fate	_	_	_	_	5375	_	_	start_char=30114|end_char=30118
5377	is	_	_	_	_	5376	_	_	start_char=30119|end_char=30121
5378	nearly	_	_	_	_	5377	_	_	start_char=30122|end_char=30128
5379	fulfilled.	_	_	_	_	5378	_	_	start_char=30129|end_char=30139
5380	I	_	_	_	_	5379	_	_	start_char=30140|end_char=30141
5381	wait	_	_	_	_	5380	_	_	start_char=30142|end_char=30146
5382	but	_	_	_	_	5381	_	_	start_char=30147|end_char=30150
5383	for	_	_	_	_	5382	_	_	start_char=30151|end_char=30154
5384	one	_	_	_	_	5383	_	_	start_char=30155|end_char=30158
5385	event,	_	_	_	_	5384	_	_	start_char=30159|end_char=30165
5386	and	_	_	_	_	5385	_	_	start_char=30166|end_char=30169
5387	then	_	_	_	_	5386	_	_	start_char=30170|end_char=30174
5388	I	_	_	_	_	5387	_	_	start_char=30175|end_char=30176
5389	shall	_	_	_	_	5388	_	_	start_char=30177|end_char=30182
5390	repose	_	_	_	_	5389	_	_	start_char=30183|end_char=30189
5391	in	_	_	_	_	5390	_	_	start_char=30190|end_char=30192
5392	peace.	_	_	_	_	5391	_	_	start_char=30193|end_char=30199
5393	I	_	_	_	_	5392	_	_	start_char=30200|end_char=30201
5394	understand	_	_	_	_	5393	_	_	start_char=30202|end_char=30212
5395	your	_	_	_	_	5394	_	_	start_char=30213|end_char=30217
5396	feeling,”	_	_	_	_	5395	_	_	start_char=30218|end_char=30227
5397	continued	_	_	_	_	5396	_	_	start_char=30228|end_char=30237
5398	he,	_	_	_	_	5397	_	_	start_char=30238|end_char=30241
5399	perceiving	_	_	_	_	5398	_	_	start_char=30242|end_char=30252
5400	that	_	_	_	_	5399	_	_	start_char=30253|end_char=30257
5401	I	_	_	_	_	5400	_	_	start_char=30258|end_char=30259
5402	wished	_	_	_	_	5401	_	_	start_char=30260|end_char=30266
5403	to	_	_	_	_	5402	_	_	start_char=30267|end_char=30269
5404	interrupt	_	_	_	_	5403	_	_	start_char=30270|end_char=30279
5405	him;	_	_	_	_	5404	_	_	start_char=30280|end_char=30284
5406	“but	_	_	_	_	5405	_	_	start_char=30285|end_char=30289
5407	you	_	_	_	_	5406	_	_	start_char=30290|end_char=30293
5408	are	_	_	_	_	5407	_	_	start_char=30294|end_char=30297
5409	mistaken,	_	_	_	_	5408	_	_	start_char=30298|end_char=30307
5410	my	_	_	_	_	5409	_	_	start_char=30308|end_char=30310
5411	friend,	_	_	_	_	5410	_	_	start_char=30311|end_char=30318
5412	if	_	_	_	_	5411	_	_	start_char=30319|end_char=30321
5413	thus	_	_	_	_	5412	_	_	start_char=30322|end_char=30326
5414	you	_	_	_	_	5413	_	_	start_char=30327|end_char=30330
5415	will	_	_	_	_	5414	_	_	start_char=30331|end_char=30335
5416	allow	_	_	_	_	5415	_	_	start_char=30336|end_char=30341
5417	me	_	_	_	_	5416	_	_	start_char=30342|end_char=30344
5418	to	_	_	_	_	5417	_	_	start_char=30345|end_char=30347
5419	name	_	_	_	_	5418	_	_	start_char=30348|end_char=30352
5420	you;	_	_	_	_	5419	_	_	start_char=30353|end_char=30357
5421	nothing	_	_	_	_	5420	_	_	start_char=30358|end_char=30365
5422	can	_	_	_	_	5421	_	_	start_char=30366|end_char=30369
5423	alter	_	_	_	_	5422	_	_	start_char=30370|end_char=30375
5424	my	_	_	_	_	5423	_	_	start_char=30376|end_char=30378
5425	destiny;	_	_	_	_	5424	_	_	start_char=30379|end_char=30387
5426	listen	_	_	_	_	5425	_	_	start_char=30388|end_char=30394
5427	to	_	_	_	_	5426	_	_	start_char=30395|end_char=30397
5428	my	_	_	_	_	5427	_	_	start_char=30398|end_char=30400
5429	history,	_	_	_	_	5428	_	_	start_char=30401|end_char=30409
5430	and	_	_	_	_	5429	_	_	start_char=30410|end_char=30413
5431	you	_	_	_	_	5430	_	_	start_char=30414|end_char=30417
5432	will	_	_	_	_	5431	_	_	start_char=30418|end_char=30422
5433	perceive	_	_	_	_	5432	_	_	start_char=30423|end_char=30431
5434	how	_	_	_	_	5433	_	_	start_char=30432|end_char=30435
5435	irrevocably	_	_	_	_	5434	_	_	start_char=30436|end_char=30447
5436	it	_	_	_	_	5435	_	_	start_char=30448|end_char=30450
5437	is	_	_	_	_	5436	_	_	start_char=30451|end_char=30453
5438	determined.”	_	_	_	_	5437	_	_	start_char=30454|end_char=30466
5439	He	_	_	_	_	5438	_	_	start_char=30467|end_char=30469
5440	then	_	_	_	_	5439	_	_	start_char=30470|end_char=30474
5441	told	_	_	_	_	5440	_	_	start_char=30475|end_char=30479
5442	me	_	_	_	_	5441	_	_	start_char=30480|end_char=30482
5443	that	_	_	_	_	5442	_	_	start_char=30483|end_char=30487
5444	he	_	_	_	_	5443	_	_	start_char=30488|end_char=30490
5445	would	_	_	_	_	5444	_	_	start_char=30491|end_char=30496
5446	commence	_	_	_	_	5445	_	_	start_char=30497|end_char=30505
5447	his	_	_	_	_	5446	_	_	start_char=30506|end_char=30509
5448	narrative	_	_	_	_	5447	_	_	start_char=30510|end_char=30519
5449	the	_	_	_	_	5448	_	_	start_char=30520|end_char=30523
5450	next	_	_	_	_	5449	_	_	start_char=30524|end_char=30528
5451	day	_	_	_	_	5450	_	_	start_char=30529|end_char=30532
5452	when	_	_	_	_	5451	_	_	start_char=30533|end_char=30537
5453	I	_	_	_	_	5452	_	_	start_char=30538|end_char=30539
5454	should	_	_	_	_	5453	_	_	start_char=30540|end_char=30546
5455	be	_	_	_	_	5454	_	_	start_char=30547|end_char=30549
5456	at	_	_	_	_	5455	_	_	start_char=30550|end_char=30552
5457	leisure.	_	_	_	_	5456	_	_	start_char=30553|end_char=30561
5458	This	_	_	_	_	5457	_	_	start_char=30562|end_char=30566
5459	promise	_	_	_	_	5458	_	_	start_char=30567|end_char=30574
5460	drew	_	_	_	_	5459	_	_	start_char=30575|end_char=30579
5461	from	_	_	_	_	5460	_	_	start_char=30580|end_char=30584
5462	me	_	_	_	_	5461	_	_	start_char=30585|end_char=30587
5463	the	_	_	_	_	5462	_	_	start_char=30588|end_char=30591
5464	warmest	_	_	_	_	5463	_	_	start_char=30592|end_char=30599
5465	thanks.	_	_	_	_	5464	_	_	start_char=30600|end_char=30607
5466	I	_	_	_	_	5465	_	_	start_char=30608|end_char=30609
5467	have	_	_	_	_	5466	_	_	start_char=30610|end_char=30614
5468	resolved	_	_	_	_	5467	_	_	start_char=30615|end_char=30623
5469	every	_	_	_	_	5468	_	_	start_char=30624|end_char=30629
5470	night,	_	_	_	_	5469	_	_	start_char=30630|end_char=30636
5471	when	_	_	_	_	5470	_	_	start_char=30637|end_char=30641
5472	I	_	_	_	_	5471	_	_	start_char=30642|end_char=30643
5473	am	_	_	_	_	5472	_	_	start_char=30644|end_char=30646
5474	not	_	_	_	_	5473	_	_	start_char=30647|end_char=30650
5475	imperatively	_	_	_	_	5474	_	_	start_char=30651|end_char=30663
5476	occupied	_	_	_	_	5475	_	_	start_char=30664|end_char=30672
5477	by	_	_	_	_	5476	_	_	start_char=30673|end_char=30675
5478	my	_	_	_	_	5477	_	_	start_char=30676|end_char=30678
5479	duties,	_	_	_	_	5478	_	_	start_char=30679|end_char=30686
5480	to	_	_	_	_	5479	_	_	start_char=30687|end_char=30689
5481	record,	_	_	_	_	5480	_	_	start_char=30690|end_char=30697
5482	as	_	_	_	_	5481	_	_	start_char=30698|end_char=30700
5483	nearly	_	_	_	_	5482	_	_	start_char=30701|end_char=30707
5484	as	_	_	_	_	5483	_	_	start_char=30708|end_char=30710
5485	possible	_	_	_	_	5484	_	_	start_char=30711|end_char=30719
5486	in	_	_	_	_	5485	_	_	start_char=30720|end_char=30722
5487	his	_	_	_	_	5486	_	_	start_char=30723|end_char=30726
5488	own	_	_	_	_	5487	_	_	start_char=30727|end_char=30730
5489	words,	_	_	_	_	5488	_	_	start_char=30731|end_char=30737
5490	what	_	_	_	_	5489	_	_	start_char=30738|end_char=30742
5491	he	_	_	_	_	5490	_	_	start_char=30743|end_char=30745
5492	has	_	_	_	_	5491	_	_	start_char=30746|end_char=30749
5493	related	_	_	_	_	5492	_	_	start_char=30750|end_char=30757
5494	during	_	_	_	_	5493	_	_	start_char=30758|end_char=30764
5495	the	_	_	_	_	5494	_	_	start_char=30765|end_char=30768
5496	day.	_	_	_	_	5495	_	_	start_char=30769|end_char=30773
5497	If	_	_	_	_	5496	_	_	start_char=30774|end_char=30776
5498	I	_	_	_	_	5497	_	_	start_char=30777|end_char=30778
5499	should	_	_	_	_	5498	_	_	start_char=30779|end_char=30785
5500	be	_	_	_	_	5499	_	_	start_char=30786|end_char=30788
5501	engaged,	_	_	_	_	5500	_	_	start_char=30789|end_char=30797
5502	I	_	_	_	_	5501	_	_	start_char=30798|end_char=30799
5503	will	_	_	_	_	5502	_	_	start_char=30800|end_char=30804
5504	at	_	_	_	_	5503	_	_	start_char=30805|end_char=30807
5505	least	_	_	_	_	5504	_	_	start_char=30808|end_char=30813
5506	make	_	_	_	_	5505	_	_	start_char=30814|end_char=30818
5507	notes.	_	_	_	_	5506	_	_	start_char=30819|end_char=30825
5508	This	_	_	_	_	5507	_	_	start_char=30826|end_char=30830
5509	manuscript	_	_	_	_	5508	_	_	start_char=30831|end_char=30841
5510	will	_	_	_	_	5509	_	_	start_char=30842|end_char=30846
5511	doubtless	_	_	_	_	5510	_	_	start_char=30847|end_char=30856
5512	afford	_	_	_	_	5511	_	_	start_char=30857|end_char=30863
5513	you	_	_	_	_	5512	_	_	start_char=30864|end_char=30867
5514	the	_	_	_	_	5513	_	_	start_char=30868|end_char=30871
5515	greatest	_	_	_	_	5514	_	_	start_char=30872|end_char=30880
5516	pleasure;	_	_	_	_	5515	_	_	start_char=30881|end_char=30890
5517	but	_	_	_	_	5516	_	_	start_char=30891|end_char=30894
5518	to	_	_	_	_	5517	_	_	start_char=30895|end_char=30897
5519	me,	_	_	_	_	5518	_	_	start_char=30898|end_char=30901
5520	who	_	_	_	_	5519	_	_	start_char=30902|end_char=30905
5521	know	_	_	_	_	5520	_	_	start_char=30906|end_char=30910
5522	him,	_	_	_	_	5521	_	_	start_char=30911|end_char=30915
5523	and	_	_	_	_	5522	_	_	start_char=30916|end_char=30919
5524	who	_	_	_	_	5523	_	_	start_char=30920|end_char=30923
5525	hear	_	_	_	_	5524	_	_	start_char=30924|end_char=30928
5526	it	_	_	_	_	5525	_	_	start_char=30929|end_char=30931
5527	from	_	_	_	_	5526	_	_	start_char=30932|end_char=30936
5528	his	_	_	_	_	5527	_	_	start_char=30937|end_char=30940
5529	own	_	_	_	_	5528	_	_	start_char=30941|end_char=30944
5530	lips—with	_	_	_	_	5529	_	_	start_char=30945|end_char=30954
5531	what	_	_	_	_	5530	_	_	start_char=30955|end_char=30959
5532	interest	_	_	_	_	5531	_	_	start_char=30960|end_char=30968
5533	and	_	_	_	_	5532	_	_	start_char=30969|end_char=30972
5534	sympathy	_	_	_	_	5533	_	_	start_char=30973|end_char=30981
5535	shall	_	_	_	_	5534	_	_	start_char=30982|end_char=30987
5536	I	_	_	_	_	5535	_	_	start_char=30988|end_char=30989
5537	read	_	_	_	_	5536	_	_	start_char=30990|end_char=30994
5538	it	_	_	_	_	5537	_	_	start_char=30995|end_char=30997
5539	in	_	_	_	_	5538	_	_	start_char=30998|end_char=31000
5540	some	_	_	_	_	5539	_	_	start_char=31001|end_char=31005
5541	future	_	_	_	_	5540	_	_	start_char=31006|end_char=31012
5542	day!	_	_	_	_	5541	_	_	start_char=31013|end_char=31017
5543	Even	_	_	_	_	5542	_	_	start_char=31018|end_char=31022
5544	now,	_	_	_	_	5543	_	_	start_char=31023|end_char=31027
5545	as	_	_	_	_	5544	_	_	start_char=31028|end_char=31030
5546	I	_	_	_	_	5545	_	_	start_char=31031|end_char=31032
5547	commence	_	_	_	_	5546	_	_	start_char=31033|end_char=31041
5548	my	_	_	_	_	5547	_	_	start_char=31042|end_char=31044
5549	task,	_	_	_	_	5548	_	_	start_char=31045|end_char=31050
5550	his	_	_	_	_	5549	_	_	start_char=31051|end_char=31054
5551	full-toned	_	_	_	_	5550	_	_	start_char=31055|end_char=31065
5552	voice	_	_	_	_	5551	_	_	start_char=31066|end_char=31071
5553	swells	_	_	_	_	5552	_	_	start_char=31072|end_char=31078
5554	in	_	_	_	_	5553	_	_	start_char=31079|end_char=31081
5555	my	_	_	_	_	5554	_	_	start_char=31082|end_char=31084
5556	ears;	_	_	_	_	5555	_	_	start_char=31085|end_char=31090
5557	his	_	_	_	_	5556	_	_	start_char=31091|end_char=31094
5558	lustrous	_	_	_	_	5557	_	_	start_char=31095|end_char=31103
5559	eyes	_	_	_	_	5558	_	_	start_char=31104|end_char=31108
5560	dwell	_	_	_	_	5559	_	_	start_char=31109|end_char=31114
5561	on	_	_	_	_	5560	_	_	start_char=31115|end_char=31117
5562	me	_	_	_	_	5561	_	_	start_char=31118|end_char=31120
5563	with	_	_	_	_	5562	_	_	start_char=31121|end_char=31125
5564	all	_	_	_	_	5563	_	_	start_char=31126|end_char=31129
5565	their	_	_	_	_	5564	_	_	start_char=31130|end_char=31135
5566	melancholy	_	_	_	_	5565	_	_	start_char=31136|end_char=31146
5567	sweetness;	_	_	_	_	5566	_	_	start_char=31147|end_char=31157
5568	I	_	_	_	_	5567	_	_	start_char=31158|end_char=31159
5569	see	_	_	_	_	5568	_	_	start_char=31160|end_char=31163
5570	his	_	_	_	_	5569	_	_	start_char=31164|end_char=31167
5571	thin	_	_	_	_	5570	_	_	start_char=31168|end_char=31172
5572	hand	_	_	_	_	5571	_	_	start_char=31173|end_char=31177
5573	raised	_	_	_	_	5572	_	_	start_char=31178|end_char=31184
5574	in	_	_	_	_	5573	_	_	start_char=31185|end_char=31187
5575	animation,	_	_	_	_	5574	_	_	start_char=31188|end_char=31198
5576	while	_	_	_	_	5575	_	_	start_char=31199|end_char=31204
5577	the	_	_	_	_	5576	_	_	start_char=31205|end_char=31208
5578	lineaments	_	_	_	_	5577	_	_	start_char=31209|end_char=31219
5579	of	_	_	_	_	5578	_	_	start_char=31220|end_char=31222
5580	his	_	_	_	_	5579	_	_	start_char=31223|end_char=31226
5581	face	_	_	_	_	5580	_	_	start_char=31227|end_char=31231
5582	are	_	_	_	_	5581	_	_	start_char=31232|end_char=31235
5583	irradiated	_	_	_	_	5582	_	_	start_char=31236|end_char=31246
5584	by	_	_	_	_	5583	_	_	start_char=31247|end_char=31249
5585	the	_	_	_	_	5584	_	_	start_char=31250|end_char=31253
5586	soul	_	_	_	_	5585	_	_	start_char=31254|end_char=31258
5587	within.	_	_	_	_	5586	_	_	start_char=31259|end_char=31266
5588	Strange	_	_	_	_	5587	_	_	start_char=31267|end_char=31274
5589	and	_	_	_	_	5588	_	_	start_char=31275|end_char=31278
5590	harrowing	_	_	_	_	5589	_	_	start_char=31279|end_char=31288
5591	must	_	_	_	_	5590	_	_	start_char=31289|end_char=31293
5592	be	_	_	_	_	5591	_	_	start_char=31294|end_char=31296
5593	his	_	_	_	_	5592	_	_	start_char=31297|end_char=31300
5594	story,	_	_	_	_	5593	_	_	start_char=31301|end_char=31307
5595	frightful	_	_	_	_	5594	_	_	start_char=31308|end_char=31317
5596	the	_	_	_	_	5595	_	_	start_char=31318|end_char=31321
5597	storm	_	_	_	_	5596	_	_	start_char=31322|end_char=31327
5598	which	_	_	_	_	5597	_	_	start_char=31328|end_char=31333
5599	embraced	_	_	_	_	5598	_	_	start_char=31334|end_char=31342
5600	the	_	_	_	_	5599	_	_	start_char=31343|end_char=31346
5601	gallant	_	_	_	_	5600	_	_	start_char=31347|end_char=31354
5602	vessel	_	_	_	_	5601	_	_	start_char=31355|end_char=31361
5603	on	_	_	_	_	5602	_	_	start_char=31362|end_char=31364
5604	its	_	_	_	_	5603	_	_	start_char=31365|end_char=31368
5605	course	_	_	_	_	5604	_	_	start_char=31369|end_char=31375
5606	and	_	_	_	_	5605	_	_	start_char=31376|end_char=31379
5607	wrecked	_	_	_	_	5606	_	_	start_char=31380|end_char=31387
5608	it—thus!	_	_	_	_	5607	_	_	start_char=31388|end_char=31396
5609	Chapter	_	_	_	_	5608	_	_	start_char=31397|end_char=31404
5610	1	_	_	_	_	5609	_	_	start_char=31405|end_char=31406
5611	I	_	_	_	_	5610	_	_	start_char=31407|end_char=31408
5612	am	_	_	_	_	5611	_	_	start_char=31409|end_char=31411
5613	by	_	_	_	_	5612	_	_	start_char=31412|end_char=31414
5614	birth	_	_	_	_	5613	_	_	start_char=31415|end_char=31420
5615	a	_	_	_	_	5614	_	_	start_char=31421|end_char=31422
5616	Genevese,	_	_	_	_	5615	_	_	start_char=31423|end_char=31432
5617	and	_	_	_	_	5616	_	_	start_char=31433|end_char=31436
5618	my	_	_	_	_	5617	_	_	start_char=31437|end_char=31439
5619	family	_	_	_	_	5618	_	_	start_char=31440|end_char=31446
5620	is	_	_	_	_	5619	_	_	start_char=31447|end_char=31449
5621	one	_	_	_	_	5620	_	_	start_char=31450|end_char=31453
5622	of	_	_	_	_	5621	_	_	start_char=31454|end_char=31456
5623	the	_	_	_	_	5622	_	_	start_char=31457|end_char=31460
5624	most	_	_	_	_	5623	_	_	start_char=31461|end_char=31465
5625	distinguished	_	_	_	_	5624	_	_	start_char=31466|end_char=31479
5626	of	_	_	_	_	5625	_	_	start_char=31480|end_char=31482
5627	that	_	_	_	_	5626	_	_	start_char=31483|end_char=31487
5628	republic.	_	_	_	_	5627	_	_	start_char=31488|end_char=31497
5629	My	_	_	_	_	5628	_	_	start_char=31498|end_char=31500
5630	ancestors	_	_	_	_	5629	_	_	start_char=31501|end_char=31510
5631	had	_	_	_	_	5630	_	_	start_char=31511|end_char=31514
5632	been	_	_	_	_	5631	_	_	start_char=31515|end_char=31519
5633	for	_	_	_	_	5632	_	_	start_char=31520|end_char=31523
5634	many	_	_	_	_	5633	_	_	start_char=31524|end_char=31528
5635	years	_	_	_	_	5634	_	_	start_char=31529|end_char=31534
5636	counsellors	_	_	_	_	5635	_	_	start_char=31535|end_char=31546
5637	and	_	_	_	_	5636	_	_	start_char=31547|end_char=31550
5638	syndics,	_	_	_	_	5637	_	_	start_char=31551|end_char=31559
5639	and	_	_	_	_	5638	_	_	start_char=31560|end_char=31563
5640	my	_	_	_	_	5639	_	_	start_char=31564|end_char=31566
5641	father	_	_	_	_	5640	_	_	start_char=31567|end_char=31573
5642	had	_	_	_	_	5641	_	_	start_char=31574|end_char=31577
5643	filled	_	_	_	_	5642	_	_	start_char=31578|end_char=31584
5644	several	_	_	_	_	5643	_	_	start_char=31585|end_char=31592
5645	public	_	_	_	_	5644	_	_	start_char=31593|end_char=31599
5646	situations	_	_	_	_	5645	_	_	start_char=31600|end_char=31610
5647	with	_	_	_	_	5646	_	_	start_char=31611|end_char=31615
5648	honour	_	_	_	_	5647	_	_	start_char=31616|end_char=31622
5649	and	_	_	_	_	5648	_	_	start_char=31623|end_char=31626
5650	reputation.	_	_	_	_	5649	_	_	start_char=31627|end_char=31638
5651	He	_	_	_	_	5650	_	_	start_char=31639|end_char=31641
5652	was	_	_	_	_	5651	_	_	start_char=31642|end_char=31645
5653	respected	_	_	_	_	5652	_	_	start_char=31646|end_char=31655
5654	by	_	_	_	_	5653	_	_	start_char=31656|end_char=31658
5655	all	_	_	_	_	5654	_	_	start_char=31659|end_char=31662
5656	who	_	_	_	_	5655	_	_	start_char=31663|end_char=31666
5657	knew	_	_	_	_	5656	_	_	start_char=31667|end_char=31671
5658	him	_	_	_	_	5657	_	_	start_char=31672|end_char=31675
5659	for	_	_	_	_	5658	_	_	start_char=31676|end_char=31679
5660	his	_	_	_	_	5659	_	_	start_char=31680|end_char=31683
5661	integrity	_	_	_	_	5660	_	_	start_char=31684|end_char=31693
5662	and	_	_	_	_	5661	_	_	start_char=31694|end_char=31697
5663	indefatigable	_	_	_	_	5662	_	_	start_char=31698|end_char=31711
5664	attention	_	_	_	_	5663	_	_	start_char=31712|end_char=31721
5665	to	_	_	_	_	5664	_	_	start_char=31722|end_char=31724
5666	public	_	_	_	_	5665	_	_	start_char=31725|end_char=31731
5667	business.	_	_	_	_	5666	_	_	start_char=31732|end_char=31741
5668	He	_	_	_	_	5667	_	_	start_char=31742|end_char=31744
5669	passed	_	_	_	_	5668	_	_	start_char=31745|end_char=31751
5670	his	_	_	_	_	5669	_	_	start_char=31752|end_char=31755
5671	younger	_	_	_	_	5670	_	_	start_char=31756|end_char=31763
5672	days	_	_	_	_	5671	_	_	start_char=31764|end_char=31768
5673	perpetually	_	_	_	_	5672	_	_	start_char=31769|end_char=31780
5674	occupied	_	_	_	_	5673	_	_	start_char=31781|end_char=31789
5675	by	_	_	_	_	5674	_	_	start_char=31790|end_char=31792
5676	the	_	_	_	_	5675	_	_	start_char=31793|end_char=31796
5677	affairs	_	_	_	_	5676	_	_	start_char=31797|end_char=31804
5678	of	_	_	_	_	5677	_	_	start_char=31805|end_char=31807
5679	his	_	_	_	_	5678	_	_	start_char=31808|end_char=31811
5680	country;	_	_	_	_	5679	_	_	start_char=31812|end_char=31820
5681	a	_	_	_	_	5680	_	_	start_char=31821|end_char=31822
5682	variety	_	_	_	_	5681	_	_	start_char=31823|end_char=31830
5683	of	_	_	_	_	5682	_	_	start_char=31831|end_char=31833
5684	circumstances	_	_	_	_	5683	_	_	start_char=31834|end_char=31847
5685	had	_	_	_	_	5684	_	_	start_char=31848|end_char=31851
5686	prevented	_	_	_	_	5685	_	_	start_char=31852|end_char=31861
5687	his	_	_	_	_	5686	_	_	start_char=31862|end_char=31865
5688	marrying	_	_	_	_	5687	_	_	start_char=31866|end_char=31874
5689	early,	_	_	_	_	5688	_	_	start_char=31875|end_char=31881
5690	nor	_	_	_	_	5689	_	_	start_char=31882|end_char=31885
5691	was	_	_	_	_	5690	_	_	start_char=31886|end_char=31889
5692	it	_	_	_	_	5691	_	_	start_char=31890|end_char=31892
5693	until	_	_	_	_	5692	_	_	start_char=31893|end_char=31898
5694	the	_	_	_	_	5693	_	_	start_char=31899|end_char=31902
5695	decline	_	_	_	_	5694	_	_	start_char=31903|end_char=31910
5696	of	_	_	_	_	5695	_	_	start_char=31911|end_char=31913
5697	life	_	_	_	_	5696	_	_	start_char=31914|end_char=31918
5698	that	_	_	_	_	5697	_	_	start_char=31919|end_char=31923
5699	he	_	_	_	_	5698	_	_	start_char=31924|end_char=31926
5700	became	_	_	_	_	5699	_	_	start_char=31927|end_char=31933
5701	a	_	_	_	_	5700	_	_	start_char=31934|end_char=31935
5702	husband	_	_	_	_	5701	_	_	start_char=31936|end_char=31943
5703	and	_	_	_	_	5702	_	_	start_char=31944|end_char=31947
5704	the	_	_	_	_	5703	_	_	start_char=31948|end_char=31951
5705	father	_	_	_	_	5704	_	_	start_char=31952|end_char=31958
5706	of	_	_	_	_	5705	_	_	start_char=31959|end_char=31961
5707	a	_	_	_	_	5706	_	_	start_char=31962|end_char=31963
5708	family.	_	_	_	_	5707	_	_	start_char=31964|end_char=31971
5709	As	_	_	_	_	5708	_	_	start_char=31972|end_char=31974
5710	the	_	_	_	_	5709	_	_	start_char=31975|end_char=31978
5711	circumstances	_	_	_	_	5710	_	_	start_char=31979|end_char=31992
5712	of	_	_	_	_	5711	_	_	start_char=31993|end_char=31995
5713	his	_	_	_	_	5712	_	_	start_char=31996|end_char=31999
5714	marriage	_	_	_	_	5713	_	_	start_char=32000|end_char=32008
5715	illustrate	_	_	_	_	5714	_	_	start_char=32009|end_char=32019
5716	his	_	_	_	_	5715	_	_	start_char=32020|end_char=32023
5717	character,	_	_	_	_	5716	_	_	start_char=32024|end_char=32034
5718	I	_	_	_	_	5717	_	_	start_char=32035|end_char=32036
5719	cannot	_	_	_	_	5718	_	_	start_char=32037|end_char=32043
5720	refrain	_	_	_	_	5719	_	_	start_char=32044|end_char=32051
5721	from	_	_	_	_	5720	_	_	start_char=32052|end_char=32056
5722	relating	_	_	_	_	5721	_	_	start_char=32057|end_char=32065
5723	them.	_	_	_	_	5722	_	_	start_char=32066|end_char=32071
5724	One	_	_	_	_	5723	_	_	start_char=32072|end_char=32075
5725	of	_	_	_	_	5724	_	_	start_char=32076|end_char=32078
5726	his	_	_	_	_	5725	_	_	start_char=32079|end_char=32082
5727	most	_	_	_	_	5726	_	_	start_char=32083|end_char=32087
5728	intimate	_	_	_	_	5727	_	_	start_char=32088|end_char=32096
5729	friends	_	_	_	_	5728	_	_	start_char=32097|end_char=32104
5730	was	_	_	_	_	5729	_	_	start_char=32105|end_char=32108
5731	a	_	_	_	_	5730	_	_	start_char=32109|end_char=32110
5732	merchant	_	_	_	_	5731	_	_	start_char=32111|end_char=32119
5733	who,	_	_	_	_	5732	_	_	start_char=32120|end_char=32124
5734	from	_	_	_	_	5733	_	_	start_char=32125|end_char=32129
5735	a	_	_	_	_	5734	_	_	start_char=32130|end_char=32131
5736	flourishing	_	_	_	_	5735	_	_	start_char=32132|end_char=32143
5737	state,	_	_	_	_	5736	_	_	start_char=32144|end_char=32150
5738	fell,	_	_	_	_	5737	_	_	start_char=32151|end_char=32156
5739	through	_	_	_	_	5738	_	_	start_char=32157|end_char=32164
5740	numerous	_	_	_	_	5739	_	_	start_char=32165|end_char=32173
5741	mischances,	_	_	_	_	5740	_	_	start_char=32174|end_char=32185
5742	into	_	_	_	_	5741	_	_	start_char=32186|end_char=32190
5743	poverty.	_	_	_	_	5742	_	_	start_char=32191|end_char=32199
5744	This	_	_	_	_	5743	_	_	start_char=32200|end_char=32204
5745	man,	_	_	_	_	5744	_	_	start_char=32205|end_char=32209
5746	whose	_	_	_	_	5745	_	_	start_char=32210|end_char=32215
5747	name	_	_	_	_	5746	_	_	start_char=32216|end_char=32220
5748	was	_	_	_	_	5747	_	_	start_char=32221|end_char=32224
5749	Beaufort,	_	_	_	_	5748	_	_	start_char=32225|end_char=32234
5750	was	_	_	_	_	5749	_	_	start_char=32235|end_char=32238
5751	of	_	_	_	_	5750	_	_	start_char=32239|end_char=32241
5752	a	_	_	_	_	5751	_	_	start_char=32242|end_char=32243
5753	proud	_	_	_	_	5752	_	_	start_char=32244|end_char=32249
5754	and	_	_	_	_	5753	_	_	start_char=32250|end_char=32253
5755	unbending	_	_	_	_	5754	_	_	start_char=32254|end_char=32263
5756	disposition	_	_	_	_	5755	_	_	start_char=32264|end_char=32275
5757	and	_	_	_	_	5756	_	_	start_char=32276|end_char=32279
5758	could	_	_	_	_	5757	_	_	start_char=32280|end_char=32285
5759	not	_	_	_	_	5758	_	_	start_char=32286|end_char=32289
5760	bear	_	_	_	_	5759	_	_	start_char=32290|end_char=32294
5761	to	_	_	_	_	5760	_	_	start_char=32295|end_char=32297
5762	live	_	_	_	_	5761	_	_	start_char=32298|end_char=32302
5763	in	_	_	_	_	5762	_	_	start_char=32303|end_char=32305
5764	poverty	_	_	_	_	5763	_	_	start_char=32306|end_char=32313
5765	and	_	_	_	_	5764	_	_	start_char=32314|end_char=32317
5766	oblivion	_	_	_	_	5765	_	_	start_char=32318|end_char=32326
5767	in	_	_	_	_	5766	_	_	start_char=32327|end_char=32329
5768	the	_	_	_	_	5767	_	_	start_char=32330|end_char=32333
5769	same	_	_	_	_	5768	_	_	start_char=32334|end_char=32338
5770	country	_	_	_	_	5769	_	_	start_char=32339|end_char=32346
5771	where	_	_	_	_	5770	_	_	start_char=32347|end_char=32352
5772	he	_	_	_	_	5771	_	_	start_char=32353|end_char=32355
5773	had	_	_	_	_	5772	_	_	start_char=32356|end_char=32359
5774	formerly	_	_	_	_	5773	_	_	start_char=32360|end_char=32368
5775	been	_	_	_	_	5774	_	_	start_char=32369|end_char=32373
5776	distinguished	_	_	_	_	5775	_	_	start_char=32374|end_char=32387
5777	for	_	_	_	_	5776	_	_	start_char=32388|end_char=32391
5778	his	_	_	_	_	5777	_	_	start_char=32392|end_char=32395
5779	rank	_	_	_	_	5778	_	_	start_char=32396|end_char=32400
5780	and	_	_	_	_	5779	_	_	start_char=32401|end_char=32404
5781	magnificence.	_	_	_	_	5780	_	_	start_char=32405|end_char=32418
5782	Having	_	_	_	_	5781	_	_	start_char=32419|end_char=32425
5783	paid	_	_	_	_	5782	_	_	start_char=32426|end_char=32430
5784	his	_	_	_	_	5783	_	_	start_char=32431|end_char=32434
5785	debts,	_	_	_	_	5784	_	_	start_char=32435|end_char=32441
5786	therefore,	_	_	_	_	5785	_	_	start_char=32442|end_char=32452
5787	in	_	_	_	_	5786	_	_	start_char=32453|end_char=32455
5788	the	_	_	_	_	5787	_	_	start_char=32456|end_char=32459
5789	most	_	_	_	_	5788	_	_	start_char=32460|end_char=32464
5790	honourable	_	_	_	_	5789	_	_	start_char=32465|end_char=32475
5791	manner,	_	_	_	_	5790	_	_	start_char=32476|end_char=32483
5792	he	_	_	_	_	5791	_	_	start_char=32484|end_char=32486
5793	retreated	_	_	_	_	5792	_	_	start_char=32487|end_char=32496
5794	with	_	_	_	_	5793	_	_	start_char=32497|end_char=32501
5795	his	_	_	_	_	5794	_	_	start_char=32502|end_char=32505
5796	daughter	_	_	_	_	5795	_	_	start_char=32506|end_char=32514
5797	to	_	_	_	_	5796	_	_	start_char=32515|end_char=32517
5798	the	_	_	_	_	5797	_	_	start_char=32518|end_char=32521
5799	town	_	_	_	_	5798	_	_	start_char=32522|end_char=32526
5800	of	_	_	_	_	5799	_	_	start_char=32527|end_char=32529
5801	Lucerne,	_	_	_	_	5800	_	_	start_char=32530|end_char=32538
5802	where	_	_	_	_	5801	_	_	start_char=32539|end_char=32544
5803	he	_	_	_	_	5802	_	_	start_char=32545|end_char=32547
5804	lived	_	_	_	_	5803	_	_	start_char=32548|end_char=32553
5805	unknown	_	_	_	_	5804	_	_	start_char=32554|end_char=32561
5806	and	_	_	_	_	5805	_	_	start_char=32562|end_char=32565
5807	in	_	_	_	_	5806	_	_	start_char=32566|end_char=32568
5808	wretchedness.	_	_	_	_	5807	_	_	start_char=32569|end_char=32582
5809	My	_	_	_	_	5808	_	_	start_char=32583|end_char=32585
5810	father	_	_	_	_	5809	_	_	start_char=32586|end_char=32592
5811	loved	_	_	_	_	5810	_	_	start_char=32593|end_char=32598
5812	Beaufort	_	_	_	_	5811	_	_	start_char=32599|end_char=32607
5813	with	_	_	_	_	5812	_	_	start_char=32608|end_char=32612
5814	the	_	_	_	_	5813	_	_	start_char=32613|end_char=32616
5815	truest	_	_	_	_	5814	_	_	start_char=32617|end_char=32623
5816	friendship	_	_	_	_	5815	_	_	start_char=32624|end_char=32634
5817	and	_	_	_	_	5816	_	_	start_char=32635|end_char=32638
5818	was	_	_	_	_	5817	_	_	start_char=32639|end_char=32642
5819	deeply	_	_	_	_	5818	_	_	start_char=32643|end_char=32649
5820	grieved	_	_	_	_	5819	_	_	start_char=32650|end_char=32657
5821	by	_	_	_	_	5820	_	_	start_char=32658|end_char=32660
5822	his	_	_	_	_	5821	_	_	start_char=32661|end_char=32664
5823	retreat	_	_	_	_	5822	_	_	start_char=32665|end_char=32672
5824	in	_	_	_	_	5823	_	_	start_char=32673|end_char=32675
5825	these	_	_	_	_	5824	_	_	start_char=32676|end_char=32681
5826	unfortunate	_	_	_	_	5825	_	_	start_char=32682|end_char=32693
5827	circumstances.	_	_	_	_	5826	_	_	start_char=32694|end_char=32708
5828	He	_	_	_	_	5827	_	_	start_char=32709|end_char=32711
5829	bitterly	_	_	_	_	5828	_	_	start_char=32712|end_char=32720
5830	deplored	_	_	_	_	5829	_	_	start_char=32721|end_char=32729
5831	the	_	_	_	_	5830	_	_	start_char=32730|end_char=32733
5832	false	_	_	_	_	5831	_	_	start_char=32734|end_char=32739
5833	pride	_	_	_	_	5832	_	_	start_char=32740|end_char=32745
5834	which	_	_	_	_	5833	_	_	start_char=32746|end_char=32751
5835	led	_	_	_	_	5834	_	_	start_char=32752|end_char=32755
5836	his	_	_	_	_	5835	_	_	start_char=32756|end_char=32759
5837	friend	_	_	_	_	5836	_	_	start_char=32760|end_char=32766
5838	to	_	_	_	_	5837	_	_	start_char=32767|end_char=32769
5839	a	_	_	_	_	5838	_	_	start_char=32770|end_char=32771
5840	conduct	_	_	_	_	5839	_	_	start_char=32772|end_char=32779
5841	so	_	_	_	_	5840	_	_	start_char=32780|end_char=32782
5842	little	_	_	_	_	5841	_	_	start_char=32783|end_char=32789
5843	worthy	_	_	_	_	5842	_	_	start_char=32790|end_char=32796
5844	of	_	_	_	_	5843	_	_	start_char=32797|end_char=32799
5845	the	_	_	_	_	5844	_	_	start_char=32800|end_char=32803
5846	affection	_	_	_	_	5845	_	_	start_char=32804|end_char=32813
5847	that	_	_	_	_	5846	_	_	start_char=32814|end_char=32818
5848	united	_	_	_	_	5847	_	_	start_char=32819|end_char=32825
5849	them.	_	_	_	_	5848	_	_	start_char=32826|end_char=32831
5850	He	_	_	_	_	5849	_	_	start_char=32832|end_char=32834
5851	lost	_	_	_	_	5850	_	_	start_char=32835|end_char=32839
5852	no	_	_	_	_	5851	_	_	start_char=32840|end_char=32842
5853	time	_	_	_	_	5852	_	_	start_char=32843|end_char=32847
5854	in	_	_	_	_	5853	_	_	start_char=32848|end_char=32850
5855	endeavouring	_	_	_	_	5854	_	_	start_char=32851|end_char=32863
5856	to	_	_	_	_	5855	_	_	start_char=32864|end_char=32866
5857	seek	_	_	_	_	5856	_	_	start_char=32867|end_char=32871
5858	him	_	_	_	_	5857	_	_	start_char=32872|end_char=32875
5859	out,	_	_	_	_	5858	_	_	start_char=32876|end_char=32880
5860	with	_	_	_	_	5859	_	_	start_char=32881|end_char=32885
5861	the	_	_	_	_	5860	_	_	start_char=32886|end_char=32889
5862	hope	_	_	_	_	5861	_	_	start_char=32890|end_char=32894
5863	of	_	_	_	_	5862	_	_	start_char=32895|end_char=32897
5864	persuading	_	_	_	_	5863	_	_	start_char=32898|end_char=32908
5865	him	_	_	_	_	5864	_	_	start_char=32909|end_char=32912
5866	to	_	_	_	_	5865	_	_	start_char=32913|end_char=32915
5867	begin	_	_	_	_	5866	_	_	start_char=32916|end_char=32921
5868	the	_	_	_	_	5867	_	_	start_char=32922|end_char=32925
5869	world	_	_	_	_	5868	_	_	start_char=32926|end_char=32931
5870	again	_	_	_	_	5869	_	_	start_char=32932|end_char=32937
5871	through	_	_	_	_	5870	_	_	start_char=32938|end_char=32945
5872	his	_	_	_	_	5871	_	_	start_char=32946|end_char=32949
5873	credit	_	_	_	_	5872	_	_	start_char=32950|end_char=32956
5874	and	_	_	_	_	5873	_	_	start_char=32957|end_char=32960
5875	assistance.	_	_	_	_	5874	_	_	start_char=32961|end_char=32972
5876	Beaufort	_	_	_	_	5875	_	_	start_char=32973|end_char=32981
5877	had	_	_	_	_	5876	_	_	start_char=32982|end_char=32985
5878	taken	_	_	_	_	5877	_	_	start_char=32986|end_char=32991
5879	effectual	_	_	_	_	5878	_	_	start_char=32992|end_char=33001
5880	measures	_	_	_	_	5879	_	_	start_char=33002|end_char=33010
5881	to	_	_	_	_	5880	_	_	start_char=33011|end_char=33013
5882	conceal	_	_	_	_	5881	_	_	start_char=33014|end_char=33021
5883	himself,	_	_	_	_	5882	_	_	start_char=33022|end_char=33030
5884	and	_	_	_	_	5883	_	_	start_char=33031|end_char=33034
5885	it	_	_	_	_	5884	_	_	start_char=33035|end_char=33037
5886	was	_	_	_	_	5885	_	_	start_char=33038|end_char=33041
5887	ten	_	_	_	_	5886	_	_	start_char=33042|end_char=33045
5888	months	_	_	_	_	5887	_	_	start_char=33046|end_char=33052
5889	before	_	_	_	_	5888	_	_	start_char=33053|end_char=33059
5890	my	_	_	_	_	5889	_	_	start_char=33060|end_char=33062
5891	father	_	_	_	_	5890	_	_	start_char=33063|end_char=33069
5892	discovered	_	_	_	_	5891	_	_	start_char=33070|end_char=33080
5893	his	_	_	_	_	5892	_	_	start_char=33081|end_char=33084
5894	abode.	_	_	_	_	5893	_	_	start_char=33085|end_char=33091
5895	Overjoyed	_	_	_	_	5894	_	_	start_char=33092|end_char=33101
5896	at	_	_	_	_	5895	_	_	start_char=33102|end_char=33104
5897	this	_	_	_	_	5896	_	_	start_char=33105|end_char=33109
5898	discovery,	_	_	_	_	5897	_	_	start_char=33110|end_char=33120
5899	he	_	_	_	_	5898	_	_	start_char=33121|end_char=33123
5900	hastened	_	_	_	_	5899	_	_	start_char=33124|end_char=33132
5901	to	_	_	_	_	5900	_	_	start_char=33133|end_char=33135
5902	the	_	_	_	_	5901	_	_	start_char=33136|end_char=33139
5903	house,	_	_	_	_	5902	_	_	start_char=33140|end_char=33146
5904	which	_	_	_	_	5903	_	_	start_char=33147|end_char=33152
5905	was	_	_	_	_	5904	_	_	start_char=33153|end_char=33156
5906	situated	_	_	_	_	5905	_	_	start_char=33157|end_char=33165
5907	in	_	_	_	_	5906	_	_	start_char=33166|end_char=33168
5908	a	_	_	_	_	5907	_	_	start_char=33169|end_char=33170
5909	mean	_	_	_	_	5908	_	_	start_char=33171|end_char=33175
5910	street	_	_	_	_	5909	_	_	start_char=33176|end_char=33182
5911	near	_	_	_	_	5910	_	_	start_char=33183|end_char=33187
5912	the	_	_	_	_	5911	_	_	start_char=33188|end_char=33191
5913	Reuss.	_	_	_	_	5912	_	_	start_char=33192|end_char=33198
5914	But	_	_	_	_	5913	_	_	start_char=33199|end_char=33202
5915	when	_	_	_	_	5914	_	_	start_char=33203|end_char=33207
5916	he	_	_	_	_	5915	_	_	start_char=33208|end_char=33210
5917	entered,	_	_	_	_	5916	_	_	start_char=33211|end_char=33219
5918	misery	_	_	_	_	5917	_	_	start_char=33220|end_char=33226
5919	and	_	_	_	_	5918	_	_	start_char=33227|end_char=33230
5920	despair	_	_	_	_	5919	_	_	start_char=33231|end_char=33238
5921	alone	_	_	_	_	5920	_	_	start_char=33239|end_char=33244
5922	welcomed	_	_	_	_	5921	_	_	start_char=33245|end_char=33253
5923	him.	_	_	_	_	5922	_	_	start_char=33254|end_char=33258
5924	Beaufort	_	_	_	_	5923	_	_	start_char=33259|end_char=33267
5925	had	_	_	_	_	5924	_	_	start_char=33268|end_char=33271
5926	saved	_	_	_	_	5925	_	_	start_char=33272|end_char=33277
5927	but	_	_	_	_	5926	_	_	start_char=33278|end_char=33281
5928	a	_	_	_	_	5927	_	_	start_char=33282|end_char=33283
5929	very	_	_	_	_	5928	_	_	start_char=33284|end_char=33288
5930	small	_	_	_	_	5929	_	_	start_char=33289|end_char=33294
5931	sum	_	_	_	_	5930	_	_	start_char=33295|end_char=33298
5932	of	_	_	_	_	5931	_	_	start_char=33299|end_char=33301
5933	money	_	_	_	_	5932	_	_	start_char=33302|end_char=33307
5934	from	_	_	_	_	5933	_	_	start_char=33308|end_char=33312
5935	the	_	_	_	_	5934	_	_	start_char=33313|end_char=33316
5936	wreck	_	_	_	_	5935	_	_	start_char=33317|end_char=33322
5937	of	_	_	_	_	5936	_	_	start_char=33323|end_char=33325
5938	his	_	_	_	_	5937	_	_	start_char=33326|end_char=33329
5939	fortunes,	_	_	_	_	5938	_	_	start_char=33330|end_char=33339
5940	but	_	_	_	_	5939	_	_	start_char=33340|end_char=33343
5941	it	_	_	_	_	5940	_	_	start_char=33344|end_char=33346
5942	was	_	_	_	_	5941	_	_	start_char=33347|end_char=33350
5943	sufficient	_	_	_	_	5942	_	_	start_char=33351|end_char=33361
5944	to	_	_	_	_	5943	_	_	start_char=33362|end_char=33364
5945	provide	_	_	_	_	5944	_	_	start_char=33365|end_char=33372
5946	him	_	_	_	_	5945	_	_	start_char=33373|end_char=33376
5947	with	_	_	_	_	5946	_	_	start_char=33377|end_char=33381
5948	sustenance	_	_	_	_	5947	_	_	start_char=33382|end_char=33392
5949	for	_	_	_	_	5948	_	_	start_char=33393|end_char=33396
5950	some	_	_	_	_	5949	_	_	start_char=33397|end_char=33401
5951	months,	_	_	_	_	5950	_	_	start_char=33402|end_char=33409
5952	and	_	_	_	_	5951	_	_	start_char=33410|end_char=33413
5953	in	_	_	_	_	5952	_	_	start_char=33414|end_char=33416
5954	the	_	_	_	_	5953	_	_	start_char=33417|end_char=33420
5955	meantime	_	_	_	_	5954	_	_	start_char=33421|end_char=33429
5956	he	_	_	_	_	5955	_	_	start_char=33430|end_char=33432
5957	hoped	_	_	_	_	5956	_	_	start_char=33433|end_char=33438
5958	to	_	_	_	_	5957	_	_	start_char=33439|end_char=33441
5959	procure	_	_	_	_	5958	_	_	start_char=33442|end_char=33449
5960	some	_	_	_	_	5959	_	_	start_char=33450|end_char=33454
5961	respectable	_	_	_	_	5960	_	_	start_char=33455|end_char=33466
5962	employment	_	_	_	_	5961	_	_	start_char=33467|end_char=33477
5963	in	_	_	_	_	5962	_	_	start_char=33478|end_char=33480
5964	a	_	_	_	_	5963	_	_	start_char=33481|end_char=33482
5965	merchant’s	_	_	_	_	5964	_	_	start_char=33483|end_char=33493
5966	house.	_	_	_	_	5965	_	_	start_char=33494|end_char=33500
5967	The	_	_	_	_	5966	_	_	start_char=33501|end_char=33504
5968	interval	_	_	_	_	5967	_	_	start_char=33505|end_char=33513
5969	was,	_	_	_	_	5968	_	_	start_char=33514|end_char=33518
5970	consequently,	_	_	_	_	5969	_	_	start_char=33519|end_char=33532
5971	spent	_	_	_	_	5970	_	_	start_char=33533|end_char=33538
5972	in	_	_	_	_	5971	_	_	start_char=33539|end_char=33541
5973	inaction;	_	_	_	_	5972	_	_	start_char=33542|end_char=33551
5974	his	_	_	_	_	5973	_	_	start_char=33552|end_char=33555
5975	grief	_	_	_	_	5974	_	_	start_char=33556|end_char=33561
5976	only	_	_	_	_	5975	_	_	start_char=33562|end_char=33566
5977	became	_	_	_	_	5976	_	_	start_char=33567|end_char=33573
5978	more	_	_	_	_	5977	_	_	start_char=33574|end_char=33578
5979	deep	_	_	_	_	5978	_	_	start_char=33579|end_char=33583
5980	and	_	_	_	_	5979	_	_	start_char=33584|end_char=33587
5981	rankling	_	_	_	_	5980	_	_	start_char=33588|end_char=33596
5982	when	_	_	_	_	5981	_	_	start_char=33597|end_char=33601
5983	he	_	_	_	_	5982	_	_	start_char=33602|end_char=33604
5984	had	_	_	_	_	5983	_	_	start_char=33605|end_char=33608
5985	leisure	_	_	_	_	5984	_	_	start_char=33609|end_char=33616
5986	for	_	_	_	_	5985	_	_	start_char=33617|end_char=33620
5987	reflection,	_	_	_	_	5986	_	_	start_char=33621|end_char=33632
5988	and	_	_	_	_	5987	_	_	start_char=33633|end_char=33636
5989	at	_	_	_	_	5988	_	_	start_char=33637|end_char=33639
5990	length	_	_	_	_	5989	_	_	start_char=33640|end_char=33646
5991	it	_	_	_	_	5990	_	_	start_char=33647|end_char=33649
5992	took	_	_	_	_	5991	_	_	start_char=33650|end_char=33654
5993	so	_	_	_	_	5992	_	_	start_char=33655|end_char=33657
5994	fast	_	_	_	_	5993	_	_	start_char=33658|end_char=33662
5995	hold	_	_	_	_	5994	_	_	start_char=33663|end_char=33667
5996	of	_	_	_	_	5995	_	_	start_char=33668|end_char=33670
5997	his	_	_	_	_	5996	_	_	start_char=33671|end_char=33674
5998	mind	_	_	_	_	5997	_	_	start_char=33675|end_char=33679
5999	that	_	_	_	_	5998	_	_	start_char=33680|end_char=33684
6000	at	_	_	_	_	5999	_	_	start_char=33685|end_char=33687
6001	the	_	_	_	_	6000	_	_	start_char=33688|end_char=33691
6002	end	_	_	_	_	6001	_	_	start_char=33692|end_char=33695
6003	of	_	_	_	_	6002	_	_	start_char=33696|end_char=33698
6004	three	_	_	_	_	6003	_	_	start_char=33699|end_char=33704
6005	months	_	_	_	_	6004	_	_	start_char=33705|end_char=33711
6006	he	_	_	_	_	6005	_	_	start_char=33712|end_char=33714
6007	lay	_	_	_	_	6006	_	_	start_char=33715|end_char=33718
6008	on	_	_	_	_	6007	_	_	start_char=33719|end_char=33721
6009	a	_	_	_	_	6008	_	_	start_char=33722|end_char=33723
6010	bed	_	_	_	_	6009	_	_	start_char=33724|end_char=33727
6011	of	_	_	_	_	6010	_	_	start_char=33728|end_char=33730
6012	sickness,	_	_	_	_	6011	_	_	start_char=33731|end_char=33740
6013	incapable	_	_	_	_	6012	_	_	start_char=33741|end_char=33750
6014	of	_	_	_	_	6013	_	_	start_char=33751|end_char=33753
6015	any	_	_	_	_	6014	_	_	start_char=33754|end_char=33757
6016	exertion.	_	_	_	_	6015	_	_	start_char=33758|end_char=33767
6017	His	_	_	_	_	6016	_	_	start_char=33768|end_char=33771
6018	daughter	_	_	_	_	6017	_	_	start_char=33772|end_char=33780
6019	attended	_	_	_	_	6018	_	_	start_char=33781|end_char=33789
6020	him	_	_	_	_	6019	_	_	start_char=33790|end_char=33793
6021	with	_	_	_	_	6020	_	_	start_char=33794|end_char=33798
6022	the	_	_	_	_	6021	_	_	start_char=33799|end_char=33802
6023	greatest	_	_	_	_	6022	_	_	start_char=33803|end_char=33811
6024	tenderness,	_	_	_	_	6023	_	_	start_char=33812|end_char=33823
6025	but	_	_	_	_	6024	_	_	start_char=33824|end_char=33827
6026	she	_	_	_	_	6025	_	_	start_char=33828|end_char=33831
6027	saw	_	_	_	_	6026	_	_	start_char=33832|end_char=33835
6028	with	_	_	_	_	6027	_	_	start_char=33836|end_char=33840
6029	despair	_	_	_	_	6028	_	_	start_char=33841|end_char=33848
6030	that	_	_	_	_	6029	_	_	start_char=33849|end_char=33853
6031	their	_	_	_	_	6030	_	_	start_char=33854|end_char=33859
6032	little	_	_	_	_	6031	_	_	start_char=33860|end_char=33866
6033	fund	_	_	_	_	6032	_	_	start_char=33867|end_char=33871
6034	was	_	_	_	_	6033	_	_	start_char=33872|end_char=33875
6035	rapidly	_	_	_	_	6034	_	_	start_char=33876|end_char=33883
6036	decreasing	_	_	_	_	6035	_	_	start_char=33884|end_char=33894
6037	and	_	_	_	_	6036	_	_	start_char=33895|end_char=33898
6038	that	_	_	_	_	6037	_	_	start_char=33899|end_char=33903
6039	there	_	_	_	_	6038	_	_	start_char=33904|end_char=33909
6040	was	_	_	_	_	6039	_	_	start_char=33910|end_char=33913
6041	no	_	_	_	_	6040	_	_	start_char=33914|end_char=33916
6042	other	_	_	_	_	6041	_	_	start_char=33917|end_char=33922
6043	prospect	_	_	_	_	6042	_	_	start_char=33923|end_char=33931
6044	of	_	_	_	_	6043	_	_	start_char=33932|end_char=33934
6045	support.	_	_	_	_	6044	_	_	start_char=33935|end_char=33943
6046	But	_	_	_	_	6045	_	_	start_char=33944|end_char=33947
6047	Caroline	_	_	_	_	6046	_	_	start_char=33948|end_char=33956
6048	Beaufort	_	_	_	_	6047	_	_	start_char=33957|end_char=33965
6049	possessed	_	_	_	_	6048	_	_	start_char=33966|end_char=33975
6050	a	_	_	_	_	6049	_	_	start_char=33976|end_char=33977
6051	mind	_	_	_	_	6050	_	_	start_char=33978|end_char=33982
6052	of	_	_	_	_	6051	_	_	start_char=33983|end_char=33985
6053	an	_	_	_	_	6052	_	_	start_char=33986|end_char=33988
6054	uncommon	_	_	_	_	6053	_	_	start_char=33989|end_char=33997
6055	mould,	_	_	_	_	6054	_	_	start_char=33998|end_char=34004
6056	and	_	_	_	_	6055	_	_	start_char=34005|end_char=34008
6057	her	_	_	_	_	6056	_	_	start_char=34009|end_char=34012
6058	courage	_	_	_	_	6057	_	_	start_char=34013|end_char=34020
6059	rose	_	_	_	_	6058	_	_	start_char=34021|end_char=34025
6060	to	_	_	_	_	6059	_	_	start_char=34026|end_char=34028
6061	support	_	_	_	_	6060	_	_	start_char=34029|end_char=34036
6062	her	_	_	_	_	6061	_	_	start_char=34037|end_char=34040
6063	in	_	_	_	_	6062	_	_	start_char=34041|end_char=34043
6064	her	_	_	_	_	6063	_	_	start_char=34044|end_char=34047
6065	adversity.	_	_	_	_	6064	_	_	start_char=34048|end_char=34058
6066	She	_	_	_	_	6065	_	_	start_char=34059|end_char=34062
6067	procured	_	_	_	_	6066	_	_	start_char=34063|end_char=34071
6068	plain	_	_	_	_	6067	_	_	start_char=34072|end_char=34077
6069	work;	_	_	_	_	6068	_	_	start_char=34078|end_char=34083
6070	she	_	_	_	_	6069	_	_	start_char=34084|end_char=34087
6071	plaited	_	_	_	_	6070	_	_	start_char=34088|end_char=34095
6072	straw	_	_	_	_	6071	_	_	start_char=34096|end_char=34101
6073	and	_	_	_	_	6072	_	_	start_char=34102|end_char=34105
6074	by	_	_	_	_	6073	_	_	start_char=34106|end_char=34108
6075	various	_	_	_	_	6074	_	_	start_char=34109|end_char=34116
6076	means	_	_	_	_	6075	_	_	start_char=34117|end_char=34122
6077	contrived	_	_	_	_	6076	_	_	start_char=34123|end_char=34132
6078	to	_	_	_	_	6077	_	_	start_char=34133|end_char=34135
6079	earn	_	_	_	_	6078	_	_	start_char=34136|end_char=34140
6080	a	_	_	_	_	6079	_	_	start_char=34141|end_char=34142
6081	pittance	_	_	_	_	6080	_	_	start_char=34143|end_char=34151
6082	scarcely	_	_	_	_	6081	_	_	start_char=34152|end_char=34160
6083	sufficient	_	_	_	_	6082	_	_	start_char=34161|end_char=34171
6084	to	_	_	_	_	6083	_	_	start_char=34172|end_char=34174
6085	support	_	_	_	_	6084	_	_	start_char=34175|end_char=34182
6086	life.	_	_	_	_	6085	_	_	start_char=34183|end_char=34188
6087	Several	_	_	_	_	6086	_	_	start_char=34189|end_char=34196
6088	months	_	_	_	_	6087	_	_	start_char=34197|end_char=34203
6089	passed	_	_	_	_	6088	_	_	start_char=34204|end_char=34210
6090	in	_	_	_	_	6089	_	_	start_char=34211|end_char=34213
6091	this	_	_	_	_	6090	_	_	start_char=34214|end_char=34218
6092	manner.	_	_	_	_	6091	_	_	start_char=34219|end_char=34226
6093	Her	_	_	_	_	6092	_	_	start_char=34227|end_char=34230
6094	father	_	_	_	_	6093	_	_	start_char=34231|end_char=34237
6095	grew	_	_	_	_	6094	_	_	start_char=34238|end_char=34242
6096	worse;	_	_	_	_	6095	_	_	start_char=34243|end_char=34249
6097	her	_	_	_	_	6096	_	_	start_char=34250|end_char=34253
6098	time	_	_	_	_	6097	_	_	start_char=34254|end_char=34258
6099	was	_	_	_	_	6098	_	_	start_char=34259|end_char=34262
6100	more	_	_	_	_	6099	_	_	start_char=34263|end_char=34267
6101	entirely	_	_	_	_	6100	_	_	start_char=34268|end_char=34276
6102	occupied	_	_	_	_	6101	_	_	start_char=34277|end_char=34285
6103	in	_	_	_	_	6102	_	_	start_char=34286|end_char=34288
6104	attending	_	_	_	_	6103	_	_	start_char=34289|end_char=34298
6105	him;	_	_	_	_	6104	_	_	start_char=34299|end_char=34303
6106	her	_	_	_	_	6105	_	_	start_char=34304|end_char=34307
6107	means	_	_	_	_	6106	_	_	start_char=34308|end_char=34313
6108	of	_	_	_	_	6107	_	_	start_char=34314|end_char=34316
6109	subsistence	_	_	_	_	6108	_	_	start_char=34317|end_char=34328
6110	decreased;	_	_	_	_	6109	_	_	start_char=34329|end_char=34339
6111	and	_	_	_	_	6110	_	_	start_char=34340|end_char=34343
6112	in	_	_	_	_	6111	_	_	start_char=34344|end_char=34346
6113	the	_	_	_	_	6112	_	_	start_char=34347|end_char=34350
6114	tenth	_	_	_	_	6113	_	_	start_char=34351|end_char=34356
6115	month	_	_	_	_	6114	_	_	start_char=34357|end_char=34362
6116	her	_	_	_	_	6115	_	_	start_char=34363|end_char=34366
6117	father	_	_	_	_	6116	_	_	start_char=34367|end_char=34373
6118	died	_	_	_	_	6117	_	_	start_char=34374|end_char=34378
6119	in	_	_	_	_	6118	_	_	start_char=34379|end_char=34381
6120	her	_	_	_	_	6119	_	_	start_char=34382|end_char=34385
6121	arms,	_	_	_	_	6120	_	_	start_char=34386|end_char=34391
6122	leaving	_	_	_	_	6121	_	_	start_char=34392|end_char=34399
6123	her	_	_	_	_	6122	_	_	start_char=34400|end_char=34403
6124	an	_	_	_	_	6123	_	_	start_char=34404|end_char=34406
6125	orphan	_	_	_	_	6124	_	_	start_char=34407|end_char=34413
6126	and	_	_	_	_	6125	_	_	start_char=34414|end_char=34417
6127	a	_	_	_	_	6126	_	_	start_char=34418|end_char=34419
6128	beggar.	_	_	_	_	6127	_	_	start_char=34420|end_char=34427
6129	This	_	_	_	_	6128	_	_	start_char=34428|end_char=34432
6130	last	_	_	_	_	6129	_	_	start_char=34433|end_char=34437
6131	blow	_	_	_	_	6130	_	_	start_char=34438|end_char=34442
6132	overcame	_	_	_	_	6131	_	_	start_char=34443|end_char=34451
6133	her,	_	_	_	_	6132	_	_	start_char=34452|end_char=34456
6134	and	_	_	_	_	6133	_	_	start_char=34457|end_char=34460
6135	she	_	_	_	_	6134	_	_	start_char=34461|end_char=34464
6136	knelt	_	_	_	_	6135	_	_	start_char=34465|end_char=34470
6137	by	_	_	_	_	6136	_	_	start_char=34471|end_char=34473
6138	Beaufort’s	_	_	_	_	6137	_	_	start_char=34474|end_char=34484
6139	coffin	_	_	_	_	6138	_	_	start_char=34485|end_char=34491
6140	weeping	_	_	_	_	6139	_	_	start_char=34492|end_char=34499
6141	bitterly,	_	_	_	_	6140	_	_	start_char=34500|end_char=34509
6142	when	_	_	_	_	6141	_	_	start_char=34510|end_char=34514
6143	my	_	_	_	_	6142	_	_	start_char=34515|end_char=34517
6144	father	_	_	_	_	6143	_	_	start_char=34518|end_char=34524
6145	entered	_	_	_	_	6144	_	_	start_char=34525|end_char=34532
6146	the	_	_	_	_	6145	_	_	start_char=34533|end_char=34536
6147	chamber.	_	_	_	_	6146	_	_	start_char=34537|end_char=34545
6148	He	_	_	_	_	6147	_	_	start_char=34546|end_char=34548
6149	came	_	_	_	_	6148	_	_	start_char=34549|end_char=34553
6150	like	_	_	_	_	6149	_	_	start_char=34554|end_char=34558
6151	a	_	_	_	_	6150	_	_	start_char=34559|end_char=34560
6152	protecting	_	_	_	_	6151	_	_	start_char=34561|end_char=34571
6153	spirit	_	_	_	_	6152	_	_	start_char=34572|end_char=34578
6154	to	_	_	_	_	6153	_	_	start_char=34579|end_char=34581
6155	the	_	_	_	_	6154	_	_	start_char=34582|end_char=34585
6156	poor	_	_	_	_	6155	_	_	start_char=34586|end_char=34590
6157	girl,	_	_	_	_	6156	_	_	start_char=34591|end_char=34596
6158	who	_	_	_	_	6157	_	_	start_char=34597|end_char=34600
6159	committed	_	_	_	_	6158	_	_	start_char=34601|end_char=34610
6160	herself	_	_	_	_	6159	_	_	start_char=34611|end_char=34618
6161	to	_	_	_	_	6160	_	_	start_char=34619|end_char=34621
6162	his	_	_	_	_	6161	_	_	start_char=34622|end_char=34625
6163	care;	_	_	_	_	6162	_	_	start_char=34626|end_char=34631
6164	and	_	_	_	_	6163	_	_	start_char=34632|end_char=34635
6165	after	_	_	_	_	6164	_	_	start_char=34636|end_char=34641
6166	the	_	_	_	_	6165	_	_	start_char=34642|end_char=34645
6167	interment	_	_	_	_	6166	_	_	start_char=34646|end_char=34655
6168	of	_	_	_	_	6167	_	_	start_char=34656|end_char=34658
6169	his	_	_	_	_	6168	_	_	start_char=34659|end_char=34662
6170	friend	_	_	_	_	6169	_	_	start_char=34663|end_char=34669
6171	he	_	_	_	_	6170	_	_	start_char=34670|end_char=34672
6172	conducted	_	_	_	_	6171	_	_	start_char=34673|end_char=34682
6173	her	_	_	_	_	6172	_	_	start_char=34683|end_char=34686
6174	to	_	_	_	_	6173	_	_	start_char=34687|end_char=34689
6175	Geneva	_	_	_	_	6174	_	_	start_char=34690|end_char=34696
6176	and	_	_	_	_	6175	_	_	start_char=34697|end_char=34700
6177	placed	_	_	_	_	6176	_	_	start_char=34701|end_char=34707
6178	her	_	_	_	_	6177	_	_	start_char=34708|end_char=34711
6179	under	_	_	_	_	6178	_	_	start_char=34712|end_char=34717
6180	the	_	_	_	_	6179	_	_	start_char=34718|end_char=34721
6181	protection	_	_	_	_	6180	_	_	start_char=34722|end_char=34732
6182	of	_	_	_	_	6181	_	_	start_char=34733|end_char=34735
6183	a	_	_	_	_	6182	_	_	start_char=34736|end_char=34737
6184	relation.	_	_	_	_	6183	_	_	start_char=34738|end_char=34747
6185	Two	_	_	_	_	6184	_	_	start_char=34748|end_char=34751
6186	years	_	_	_	_	6185	_	_	start_char=34752|end_char=34757
6187	after	_	_	_	_	6186	_	_	start_char=34758|end_char=34763
6188	this	_	_	_	_	6187	_	_	start_char=34764|end_char=34768
6189	event	_	_	_	_	6188	_	_	start_char=34769|end_char=34774
6190	Caroline	_	_	_	_	6189	_	_	start_char=34775|end_char=34783
6191	became	_	_	_	_	6190	_	_	start_char=34784|end_char=34790
6192	his	_	_	_	_	6191	_	_	start_char=34791|end_char=34794
6193	wife.	_	_	_	_	6192	_	_	start_char=34795|end_char=34800
6194	There	_	_	_	_	6193	_	_	start_char=34801|end_char=34806
6195	was	_	_	_	_	6194	_	_	start_char=34807|end_char=34810
6196	a	_	_	_	_	6195	_	_	start_char=34811|end_char=34812
6197	considerable	_	_	_	_	6196	_	_	start_char=34813|end_char=34825
6198	difference	_	_	_	_	6197	_	_	start_char=34826|end_char=34836
6199	between	_	_	_	_	6198	_	_	start_char=34837|end_char=34844
6200	the	_	_	_	_	6199	_	_	start_char=34845|end_char=34848
6201	ages	_	_	_	_	6200	_	_	start_char=34849|end_char=34853
6202	of	_	_	_	_	6201	_	_	start_char=34854|end_char=34856
6203	my	_	_	_	_	6202	_	_	start_char=34857|end_char=34859
6204	parents,	_	_	_	_	6203	_	_	start_char=34860|end_char=34868
6205	but	_	_	_	_	6204	_	_	start_char=34869|end_char=34872
6206	this	_	_	_	_	6205	_	_	start_char=34873|end_char=34877
6207	circumstance	_	_	_	_	6206	_	_	start_char=34878|end_char=34890
6208	seemed	_	_	_	_	6207	_	_	start_char=34891|end_char=34897
6209	to	_	_	_	_	6208	_	_	start_char=34898|end_char=34900
6210	unite	_	_	_	_	6209	_	_	start_char=34901|end_char=34906
6211	them	_	_	_	_	6210	_	_	start_char=34907|end_char=34911
6212	only	_	_	_	_	6211	_	_	start_char=34912|end_char=34916
6213	closer	_	_	_	_	6212	_	_	start_char=34917|end_char=34923
6214	in	_	_	_	_	6213	_	_	start_char=34924|end_char=34926
6215	bonds	_	_	_	_	6214	_	_	start_char=34927|end_char=34932
6216	of	_	_	_	_	6215	_	_	start_char=34933|end_char=34935
6217	devoted	_	_	_	_	6216	_	_	start_char=34936|end_char=34943
6218	affection.	_	_	_	_	6217	_	_	start_char=34944|end_char=34954
6219	There	_	_	_	_	6218	_	_	start_char=34955|end_char=34960
6220	was	_	_	_	_	6219	_	_	start_char=34961|end_char=34964
6221	a	_	_	_	_	6220	_	_	start_char=34965|end_char=34966
6222	sense	_	_	_	_	6221	_	_	start_char=34967|end_char=34972
6223	of	_	_	_	_	6222	_	_	start_char=34973|end_char=34975
6224	justice	_	_	_	_	6223	_	_	start_char=34976|end_char=34983
6225	in	_	_	_	_	6224	_	_	start_char=34984|end_char=34986
6226	my	_	_	_	_	6225	_	_	start_char=34987|end_char=34989
6227	father’s	_	_	_	_	6226	_	_	start_char=34990|end_char=34998
6228	upright	_	_	_	_	6227	_	_	start_char=34999|end_char=35006
6229	mind	_	_	_	_	6228	_	_	start_char=35007|end_char=35011
6230	which	_	_	_	_	6229	_	_	start_char=35012|end_char=35017
6231	rendered	_	_	_	_	6230	_	_	start_char=35018|end_char=35026
6232	it	_	_	_	_	6231	_	_	start_char=35027|end_char=35029
6233	necessary	_	_	_	_	6232	_	_	start_char=35030|end_char=35039
6234	that	_	_	_	_	6233	_	_	start_char=35040|end_char=35044
6235	he	_	_	_	_	6234	_	_	start_char=35045|end_char=35047
6236	should	_	_	_	_	6235	_	_	start_char=35048|end_char=35054
6237	approve	_	_	_	_	6236	_	_	start_char=35055|end_char=35062
6238	highly	_	_	_	_	6237	_	_	start_char=35063|end_char=35069
6239	to	_	_	_	_	6238	_	_	start_char=35070|end_char=35072
6240	love	_	_	_	_	6239	_	_	start_char=35073|end_char=35077
6241	strongly.	_	_	_	_	6240	_	_	start_char=35078|end_char=35087
6242	Perhaps	_	_	_	_	6241	_	_	start_char=35088|end_char=35095
6243	during	_	_	_	_	6242	_	_	start_char=35096|end_char=35102
6244	former	_	_	_	_	6243	_	_	start_char=35103|end_char=35109
6245	years	_	_	_	_	6244	_	_	start_char=35110|end_char=35115
6246	he	_	_	_	_	6245	_	_	start_char=35116|end_char=35118
6247	had	_	_	_	_	6246	_	_	start_char=35119|end_char=35122
6248	suffered	_	_	_	_	6247	_	_	start_char=35123|end_char=35131
6249	from	_	_	_	_	6248	_	_	start_char=35132|end_char=35136
6250	the	_	_	_	_	6249	_	_	start_char=35137|end_char=35140
6251	late-discovered	_	_	_	_	6250	_	_	start_char=35141|end_char=35156
6252	unworthiness	_	_	_	_	6251	_	_	start_char=35157|end_char=35169
6253	of	_	_	_	_	6252	_	_	start_char=35170|end_char=35172
6254	one	_	_	_	_	6253	_	_	start_char=35173|end_char=35176
6255	beloved	_	_	_	_	6254	_	_	start_char=35177|end_char=35184
6256	and	_	_	_	_	6255	_	_	start_char=35185|end_char=35188
6257	so	_	_	_	_	6256	_	_	start_char=35189|end_char=35191
6258	was	_	_	_	_	6257	_	_	start_char=35192|end_char=35195
6259	disposed	_	_	_	_	6258	_	_	start_char=35196|end_char=35204
6260	to	_	_	_	_	6259	_	_	start_char=35205|end_char=35207
6261	set	_	_	_	_	6260	_	_	start_char=35208|end_char=35211
6262	a	_	_	_	_	6261	_	_	start_char=35212|end_char=35213
6263	greater	_	_	_	_	6262	_	_	start_char=35214|end_char=35221
6264	value	_	_	_	_	6263	_	_	start_char=35222|end_char=35227
6265	on	_	_	_	_	6264	_	_	start_char=35228|end_char=35230
6266	tried	_	_	_	_	6265	_	_	start_char=35231|end_char=35236
6267	worth.	_	_	_	_	6266	_	_	start_char=35237|end_char=35243
6268	There	_	_	_	_	6267	_	_	start_char=35244|end_char=35249
6269	was	_	_	_	_	6268	_	_	start_char=35250|end_char=35253
6270	a	_	_	_	_	6269	_	_	start_char=35254|end_char=35255
6271	show	_	_	_	_	6270	_	_	start_char=35256|end_char=35260
6272	of	_	_	_	_	6271	_	_	start_char=35261|end_char=35263
6273	gratitude	_	_	_	_	6272	_	_	start_char=35264|end_char=35273
6274	and	_	_	_	_	6273	_	_	start_char=35274|end_char=35277
6275	worship	_	_	_	_	6274	_	_	start_char=35278|end_char=35285
6276	in	_	_	_	_	6275	_	_	start_char=35286|end_char=35288
6277	his	_	_	_	_	6276	_	_	start_char=35289|end_char=35292
6278	attachment	_	_	_	_	6277	_	_	start_char=35293|end_char=35303
6279	to	_	_	_	_	6278	_	_	start_char=35304|end_char=35306
6280	my	_	_	_	_	6279	_	_	start_char=35307|end_char=35309
6281	mother,	_	_	_	_	6280	_	_	start_char=35310|end_char=35317
6282	differing	_	_	_	_	6281	_	_	start_char=35318|end_char=35327
6283	wholly	_	_	_	_	6282	_	_	start_char=35328|end_char=35334
6284	from	_	_	_	_	6283	_	_	start_char=35335|end_char=35339
6285	the	_	_	_	_	6284	_	_	start_char=35340|end_char=35343
6286	doting	_	_	_	_	6285	_	_	start_char=35344|end_char=35350
6287	fondness	_	_	_	_	6286	_	_	start_char=35351|end_char=35359
6288	of	_	_	_	_	6287	_	_	start_char=35360|end_char=35362
6289	age,	_	_	_	_	6288	_	_	start_char=35363|end_char=35367
6290	for	_	_	_	_	6289	_	_	start_char=35368|end_char=35371
6291	it	_	_	_	_	6290	_	_	start_char=35372|end_char=35374
6292	was	_	_	_	_	6291	_	_	start_char=35375|end_char=35378
6293	inspired	_	_	_	_	6292	_	_	start_char=35379|end_char=35387
6294	by	_	_	_	_	6293	_	_	start_char=35388|end_char=35390
6295	reverence	_	_	_	_	6294	_	_	start_char=35391|end_char=35400
6296	for	_	_	_	_	6295	_	_	start_char=35401|end_char=35404
6297	her	_	_	_	_	6296	_	_	start_char=35405|end_char=35408
6298	virtues	_	_	_	_	6297	_	_	start_char=35409|end_char=35416
6299	and	_	_	_	_	6298	_	_	start_char=35417|end_char=35420
6300	a	_	_	_	_	6299	_	_	start_char=35421|end_char=35422
6301	desire	_	_	_	_	6300	_	_	start_char=35423|end_char=35429
6302	to	_	_	_	_	6301	_	_	start_char=35430|end_char=35432
6303	be	_	_	_	_	6302	_	_	start_char=35433|end_char=35435
6304	the	_	_	_	_	6303	_	_	start_char=35436|end_char=35439
6305	means	_	_	_	_	6304	_	_	start_char=35440|end_char=35445
6306	of,	_	_	_	_	6305	_	_	start_char=35446|end_char=35449
6307	in	_	_	_	_	6306	_	_	start_char=35450|end_char=35452
6308	some	_	_	_	_	6307	_	_	start_char=35453|end_char=35457
6309	degree,	_	_	_	_	6308	_	_	start_char=35458|end_char=35465
6310	recompensing	_	_	_	_	6309	_	_	start_char=35466|end_char=35478
6311	her	_	_	_	_	6310	_	_	start_char=35479|end_char=35482
6312	for	_	_	_	_	6311	_	_	start_char=35483|end_char=35486
6313	the	_	_	_	_	6312	_	_	start_char=35487|end_char=35490
6314	sorrows	_	_	_	_	6313	_	_	start_char=35491|end_char=35498
6315	she	_	_	_	_	6314	_	_	start_char=35499|end_char=35502
6316	had	_	_	_	_	6315	_	_	start_char=35503|end_char=35506
6317	endured,	_	_	_	_	6316	_	_	start_char=35507|end_char=35515
6318	but	_	_	_	_	6317	_	_	start_char=35516|end_char=35519
6319	which	_	_	_	_	6318	_	_	start_char=35520|end_char=35525
6320	gave	_	_	_	_	6319	_	_	start_char=35526|end_char=35530
6321	inexpressible	_	_	_	_	6320	_	_	start_char=35531|end_char=35544
6322	grace	_	_	_	_	6321	_	_	start_char=35545|end_char=35550
6323	to	_	_	_	_	6322	_	_	start_char=35551|end_char=35553
6324	his	_	_	_	_	6323	_	_	start_char=35554|end_char=35557
6325	behaviour	_	_	_	_	6324	_	_	start_char=35558|end_char=35567
6326	to	_	_	_	_	6325	_	_	start_char=35568|end_char=35570
6327	her.	_	_	_	_	6326	_	_	start_char=35571|end_char=35575
6328	Everything	_	_	_	_	6327	_	_	start_char=35576|end_char=35586
6329	was	_	_	_	_	6328	_	_	start_char=35587|end_char=35590
6330	made	_	_	_	_	6329	_	_	start_char=35591|end_char=35595
6331	to	_	_	_	_	6330	_	_	start_char=35596|end_char=35598
6332	yield	_	_	_	_	6331	_	_	start_char=35599|end_char=35604
6333	to	_	_	_	_	6332	_	_	start_char=35605|end_char=35607
6334	her	_	_	_	_	6333	_	_	start_char=35608|end_char=35611
6335	wishes	_	_	_	_	6334	_	_	start_char=35612|end_char=35618
6336	and	_	_	_	_	6335	_	_	start_char=35619|end_char=35622
6337	her	_	_	_	_	6336	_	_	start_char=35623|end_char=35626
6338	convenience.	_	_	_	_	6337	_	_	start_char=35627|end_char=35639
6339	He	_	_	_	_	6338	_	_	start_char=35640|end_char=35642
6340	strove	_	_	_	_	6339	_	_	start_char=35643|end_char=35649
6341	to	_	_	_	_	6340	_	_	start_char=35650|end_char=35652
6342	shelter	_	_	_	_	6341	_	_	start_char=35653|end_char=35660
6343	her,	_	_	_	_	6342	_	_	start_char=35661|end_char=35665
6344	as	_	_	_	_	6343	_	_	start_char=35666|end_char=35668
6345	a	_	_	_	_	6344	_	_	start_char=35669|end_char=35670
6346	fair	_	_	_	_	6345	_	_	start_char=35671|end_char=35675
6347	exotic	_	_	_	_	6346	_	_	start_char=35676|end_char=35682
6348	is	_	_	_	_	6347	_	_	start_char=35683|end_char=35685
6349	sheltered	_	_	_	_	6348	_	_	start_char=35686|end_char=35695
6350	by	_	_	_	_	6349	_	_	start_char=35696|end_char=35698
6351	the	_	_	_	_	6350	_	_	start_char=35699|end_char=35702
6352	gardener,	_	_	_	_	6351	_	_	start_char=35703|end_char=35712
6353	from	_	_	_	_	6352	_	_	start_char=35713|end_char=35717
6354	every	_	_	_	_	6353	_	_	start_char=35718|end_char=35723
6355	rougher	_	_	_	_	6354	_	_	start_char=35724|end_char=35731
6356	wind	_	_	_	_	6355	_	_	start_char=35732|end_char=35736
6357	and	_	_	_	_	6356	_	_	start_char=35737|end_char=35740
6358	to	_	_	_	_	6357	_	_	start_char=35741|end_char=35743
6359	surround	_	_	_	_	6358	_	_	start_char=35744|end_char=35752
6360	her	_	_	_	_	6359	_	_	start_char=35753|end_char=35756
6361	with	_	_	_	_	6360	_	_	start_char=35757|end_char=35761
6362	all	_	_	_	_	6361	_	_	start_char=35762|end_char=35765
6363	that	_	_	_	_	6362	_	_	start_char=35766|end_char=35770
6364	could	_	_	_	_	6363	_	_	start_char=35771|end_char=35776
6365	tend	_	_	_	_	6364	_	_	start_char=35777|end_char=35781
6366	to	_	_	_	_	6365	_	_	start_char=35782|end_char=35784
6367	excite	_	_	_	_	6366	_	_	start_char=35785|end_char=35791
6368	pleasurable	_	_	_	_	6367	_	_	start_char=35792|end_char=35803
6369	emotion	_	_	_	_	6368	_	_	start_char=35804|end_char=35811
6370	in	_	_	_	_	6369	_	_	start_char=35812|end_char=35814
6371	her	_	_	_	_	6370	_	_	start_char=35815|end_char=35818
6372	soft	_	_	_	_	6371	_	_	start_char=35819|end_char=35823
6373	and	_	_	_	_	6372	_	_	start_char=35824|end_char=35827
6374	benevolent	_	_	_	_	6373	_	_	start_char=35828|end_char=35838
6375	mind.	_	_	_	_	6374	_	_	start_char=35839|end_char=35844
6376	Her	_	_	_	_	6375	_	_	start_char=35845|end_char=35848
6377	health,	_	_	_	_	6376	_	_	start_char=35849|end_char=35856
6378	and	_	_	_	_	6377	_	_	start_char=35857|end_char=35860
6379	even	_	_	_	_	6378	_	_	start_char=35861|end_char=35865
6380	the	_	_	_	_	6379	_	_	start_char=35866|end_char=35869
6381	tranquillity	_	_	_	_	6380	_	_	start_char=35870|end_char=35882
6382	of	_	_	_	_	6381	_	_	start_char=35883|end_char=35885
6383	her	_	_	_	_	6382	_	_	start_char=35886|end_char=35889
6384	hitherto	_	_	_	_	6383	_	_	start_char=35890|end_char=35898
6385	constant	_	_	_	_	6384	_	_	start_char=35899|end_char=35907
6386	spirit,	_	_	_	_	6385	_	_	start_char=35908|end_char=35915
6387	had	_	_	_	_	6386	_	_	start_char=35916|end_char=35919
6388	been	_	_	_	_	6387	_	_	start_char=35920|end_char=35924
6389	shaken	_	_	_	_	6388	_	_	start_char=35925|end_char=35931
6390	by	_	_	_	_	6389	_	_	start_char=35932|end_char=35934
6391	what	_	_	_	_	6390	_	_	start_char=35935|end_char=35939
6392	she	_	_	_	_	6391	_	_	start_char=35940|end_char=35943
6393	had	_	_	_	_	6392	_	_	start_char=35944|end_char=35947
6394	gone	_	_	_	_	6393	_	_	start_char=35948|end_char=35952
6395	through.	_	_	_	_	6394	_	_	start_char=35953|end_char=35961
6396	During	_	_	_	_	6395	_	_	start_char=35962|end_char=35968
6397	the	_	_	_	_	6396	_	_	start_char=35969|end_char=35972
6398	two	_	_	_	_	6397	_	_	start_char=35973|end_char=35976
6399	years	_	_	_	_	6398	_	_	start_char=35977|end_char=35982
6400	that	_	_	_	_	6399	_	_	start_char=35983|end_char=35987
6401	had	_	_	_	_	6400	_	_	start_char=35988|end_char=35991
6402	elapsed	_	_	_	_	6401	_	_	start_char=35992|end_char=35999
6403	previous	_	_	_	_	6402	_	_	start_char=36000|end_char=36008
6404	to	_	_	_	_	6403	_	_	start_char=36009|end_char=36011
6405	their	_	_	_	_	6404	_	_	start_char=36012|end_char=36017
6406	marriage	_	_	_	_	6405	_	_	start_char=36018|end_char=36026
6407	my	_	_	_	_	6406	_	_	start_char=36027|end_char=36029
6408	father	_	_	_	_	6407	_	_	start_char=36030|end_char=36036
6409	had	_	_	_	_	6408	_	_	start_char=36037|end_char=36040
6410	gradually	_	_	_	_	6409	_	_	start_char=36041|end_char=36050
6411	relinquished	_	_	_	_	6410	_	_	start_char=36051|end_char=36063
6412	all	_	_	_	_	6411	_	_	start_char=36064|end_char=36067
6413	his	_	_	_	_	6412	_	_	start_char=36068|end_char=36071
6414	public	_	_	_	_	6413	_	_	start_char=36072|end_char=36078
6415	functions;	_	_	_	_	6414	_	_	start_char=36079|end_char=36089
6416	and	_	_	_	_	6415	_	_	start_char=36090|end_char=36093
6417	immediately	_	_	_	_	6416	_	_	start_char=36094|end_char=36105
6418	after	_	_	_	_	6417	_	_	start_char=36106|end_char=36111
6419	their	_	_	_	_	6418	_	_	start_char=36112|end_char=36117
6420	union	_	_	_	_	6419	_	_	start_char=36118|end_char=36123
6421	they	_	_	_	_	6420	_	_	start_char=36124|end_char=36128
6422	sought	_	_	_	_	6421	_	_	start_char=36129|end_char=36135
6423	the	_	_	_	_	6422	_	_	start_char=36136|end_char=36139
6424	pleasant	_	_	_	_	6423	_	_	start_char=36140|end_char=36148
6425	climate	_	_	_	_	6424	_	_	start_char=36149|end_char=36156
6426	of	_	_	_	_	6425	_	_	start_char=36157|end_char=36159
6427	Italy,	_	_	_	_	6426	_	_	start_char=36160|end_char=36166
6428	and	_	_	_	_	6427	_	_	start_char=36167|end_char=36170
6429	the	_	_	_	_	6428	_	_	start_char=36171|end_char=36174
6430	change	_	_	_	_	6429	_	_	start_char=36175|end_char=36181
6431	of	_	_	_	_	6430	_	_	start_char=36182|end_char=36184
6432	scene	_	_	_	_	6431	_	_	start_char=36185|end_char=36190
6433	and	_	_	_	_	6432	_	_	start_char=36191|end_char=36194
6434	interest	_	_	_	_	6433	_	_	start_char=36195|end_char=36203
6435	attendant	_	_	_	_	6434	_	_	start_char=36204|end_char=36213
6436	on	_	_	_	_	6435	_	_	start_char=36214|end_char=36216
6437	a	_	_	_	_	6436	_	_	start_char=36217|end_char=36218
6438	tour	_	_	_	_	6437	_	_	start_char=36219|end_char=36223
6439	through	_	_	_	_	6438	_	_	start_char=36224|end_char=36231
6440	that	_	_	_	_	6439	_	_	start_char=36232|end_char=36236
6441	land	_	_	_	_	6440	_	_	start_char=36237|end_char=36241
6442	of	_	_	_	_	6441	_	_	start_char=36242|end_char=36244
6443	wonders,	_	_	_	_	6442	_	_	start_char=36245|end_char=36253
6444	as	_	_	_	_	6443	_	_	start_char=36254|end_char=36256
6445	a	_	_	_	_	6444	_	_	start_char=36257|end_char=36258
6446	restorative	_	_	_	_	6445	_	_	start_char=36259|end_char=36270
6447	for	_	_	_	_	6446	_	_	start_char=36271|end_char=36274
6448	her	_	_	_	_	6447	_	_	start_char=36275|end_char=36278
6449	weakened	_	_	_	_	6448	_	_	start_char=36279|end_char=36287
6450	frame.	_	_	_	_	6449	_	_	start_char=36288|end_char=36294
6451	From	_	_	_	_	6450	_	_	start_char=36295|end_char=36299
6452	Italy	_	_	_	_	6451	_	_	start_char=36300|end_char=36305
6453	they	_	_	_	_	6452	_	_	start_char=36306|end_char=36310
6454	visited	_	_	_	_	6453	_	_	start_char=36311|end_char=36318
6455	Germany	_	_	_	_	6454	_	_	start_char=36319|end_char=36326
6456	and	_	_	_	_	6455	_	_	start_char=36327|end_char=36330
6457	France.	_	_	_	_	6456	_	_	start_char=36331|end_char=36338
6458	I,	_	_	_	_	6457	_	_	start_char=36339|end_char=36341
6459	their	_	_	_	_	6458	_	_	start_char=36342|end_char=36347
6460	eldest	_	_	_	_	6459	_	_	start_char=36348|end_char=36354
6461	child,	_	_	_	_	6460	_	_	start_char=36355|end_char=36361
6462	was	_	_	_	_	6461	_	_	start_char=36362|end_char=36365
6463	born	_	_	_	_	6462	_	_	start_char=36366|end_char=36370
6464	at	_	_	_	_	6463	_	_	start_char=36371|end_char=36373
6465	Naples,	_	_	_	_	6464	_	_	start_char=36374|end_char=36381
6466	and	_	_	_	_	6465	_	_	start_char=36382|end_char=36385
6467	as	_	_	_	_	6466	_	_	start_char=36386|end_char=36388
6468	an	_	_	_	_	6467	_	_	start_char=36389|end_char=36391
6469	infant	_	_	_	_	6468	_	_	start_char=36392|end_char=36398
6470	accompanied	_	_	_	_	6469	_	_	start_char=36399|end_char=36410
6471	them	_	_	_	_	6470	_	_	start_char=36411|end_char=36415
6472	in	_	_	_	_	6471	_	_	start_char=36416|end_char=36418
6473	their	_	_	_	_	6472	_	_	start_char=36419|end_char=36424
6474	rambles.	_	_	_	_	6473	_	_	start_char=36425|end_char=36433
6475	I	_	_	_	_	6474	_	_	start_char=36434|end_char=36435
6476	remained	_	_	_	_	6475	_	_	start_char=36436|end_char=36444
6477	for	_	_	_	_	6476	_	_	start_char=36445|end_char=36448
6478	several	_	_	_	_	6477	_	_	start_char=36449|end_char=36456
6479	years	_	_	_	_	6478	_	_	start_char=36457|end_char=36462
6480	their	_	_	_	_	6479	_	_	start_char=36463|end_char=36468
6481	only	_	_	_	_	6480	_	_	start_char=36469|end_char=36473
6482	child.	_	_	_	_	6481	_	_	start_char=36474|end_char=36480
6483	Much	_	_	_	_	6482	_	_	start_char=36481|end_char=36485
6484	as	_	_	_	_	6483	_	_	start_char=36486|end_char=36488
6485	they	_	_	_	_	6484	_	_	start_char=36489|end_char=36493
6486	were	_	_	_	_	6485	_	_	start_char=36494|end_char=36498
6487	attached	_	_	_	_	6486	_	_	start_char=36499|end_char=36507
6488	to	_	_	_	_	6487	_	_	start_char=36508|end_char=36510
6489	each	_	_	_	_	6488	_	_	start_char=36511|end_char=36515
6490	other,	_	_	_	_	6489	_	_	start_char=36516|end_char=36522
6491	they	_	_	_	_	6490	_	_	start_char=36523|end_char=36527
6492	seemed	_	_	_	_	6491	_	_	start_char=36528|end_char=36534
6493	to	_	_	_	_	6492	_	_	start_char=36535|end_char=36537
6494	draw	_	_	_	_	6493	_	_	start_char=36538|end_char=36542
6495	inexhaustible	_	_	_	_	6494	_	_	start_char=36543|end_char=36556
6496	stores	_	_	_	_	6495	_	_	start_char=36557|end_char=36563
6497	of	_	_	_	_	6496	_	_	start_char=36564|end_char=36566
6498	affection	_	_	_	_	6497	_	_	start_char=36567|end_char=36576
6499	from	_	_	_	_	6498	_	_	start_char=36577|end_char=36581
6500	a	_	_	_	_	6499	_	_	start_char=36582|end_char=36583
6501	very	_	_	_	_	6500	_	_	start_char=36584|end_char=36588
6502	mine	_	_	_	_	6501	_	_	start_char=36589|end_char=36593
6503	of	_	_	_	_	6502	_	_	start_char=36594|end_char=36596
6504	love	_	_	_	_	6503	_	_	start_char=36597|end_char=36601
6505	to	_	_	_	_	6504	_	_	start_char=36602|end_char=36604
6506	bestow	_	_	_	_	6505	_	_	start_char=36605|end_char=36611
6507	them	_	_	_	_	6506	_	_	start_char=36612|end_char=36616
6508	upon	_	_	_	_	6507	_	_	start_char=36617|end_char=36621
6509	me.	_	_	_	_	6508	_	_	start_char=36622|end_char=36625
6510	My	_	_	_	_	6509	_	_	start_char=36626|end_char=36628
6511	mother’s	_	_	_	_	6510	_	_	start_char=36629|end_char=36637
6512	tender	_	_	_	_	6511	_	_	start_char=36638|end_char=36644
6513	caresses	_	_	_	_	6512	_	_	start_char=36645|end_char=36653
6514	and	_	_	_	_	6513	_	_	start_char=36654|end_char=36657
6515	my	_	_	_	_	6514	_	_	start_char=36658|end_char=36660
6516	father’s	_	_	_	_	6515	_	_	start_char=36661|end_char=36669
6517	smile	_	_	_	_	6516	_	_	start_char=36670|end_char=36675
6518	of	_	_	_	_	6517	_	_	start_char=36676|end_char=36678
6519	benevolent	_	_	_	_	6518	_	_	start_char=36679|end_char=36689
6520	pleasure	_	_	_	_	6519	_	_	start_char=36690|end_char=36698
6521	while	_	_	_	_	6520	_	_	start_char=36699|end_char=36704
6522	regarding	_	_	_	_	6521	_	_	start_char=36705|end_char=36714
6523	me	_	_	_	_	6522	_	_	start_char=36715|end_char=36717
6524	are	_	_	_	_	6523	_	_	start_char=36718|end_char=36721
6525	my	_	_	_	_	6524	_	_	start_char=36722|end_char=36724
6526	first	_	_	_	_	6525	_	_	start_char=36725|end_char=36730
6527	recollections.	_	_	_	_	6526	_	_	start_char=36731|end_char=36745
6528	I	_	_	_	_	6527	_	_	start_char=36746|end_char=36747
6529	was	_	_	_	_	6528	_	_	start_char=36748|end_char=36751
6530	their	_	_	_	_	6529	_	_	start_char=36752|end_char=36757
6531	plaything	_	_	_	_	6530	_	_	start_char=36758|end_char=36767
6532	and	_	_	_	_	6531	_	_	start_char=36768|end_char=36771
6533	their	_	_	_	_	6532	_	_	start_char=36772|end_char=36777
6534	idol,	_	_	_	_	6533	_	_	start_char=36778|end_char=36783
6535	and	_	_	_	_	6534	_	_	start_char=36784|end_char=36787
6536	something	_	_	_	_	6535	_	_	start_char=36788|end_char=36797
6537	better—their	_	_	_	_	6536	_	_	start_char=36798|end_char=36810
6538	child,	_	_	_	_	6537	_	_	start_char=36811|end_char=36817
6539	the	_	_	_	_	6538	_	_	start_char=36818|end_char=36821
6540	innocent	_	_	_	_	6539	_	_	start_char=36822|end_char=36830
6541	and	_	_	_	_	6540	_	_	start_char=36831|end_char=36834
6542	helpless	_	_	_	_	6541	_	_	start_char=36835|end_char=36843
6543	creature	_	_	_	_	6542	_	_	start_char=36844|end_char=36852
6544	bestowed	_	_	_	_	6543	_	_	start_char=36853|end_char=36861
6545	on	_	_	_	_	6544	_	_	start_char=36862|end_char=36864
6546	them	_	_	_	_	6545	_	_	start_char=36865|end_char=36869
6547	by	_	_	_	_	6546	_	_	start_char=36870|end_char=36872
6548	Heaven,	_	_	_	_	6547	_	_	start_char=36873|end_char=36880
6549	whom	_	_	_	_	6548	_	_	start_char=36881|end_char=36885
6550	to	_	_	_	_	6549	_	_	start_char=36886|end_char=36888
6551	bring	_	_	_	_	6550	_	_	start_char=36889|end_char=36894
6552	up	_	_	_	_	6551	_	_	start_char=36895|end_char=36897
6553	to	_	_	_	_	6552	_	_	start_char=36898|end_char=36900
6554	good,	_	_	_	_	6553	_	_	start_char=36901|end_char=36906
6555	and	_	_	_	_	6554	_	_	start_char=36907|end_char=36910
6556	whose	_	_	_	_	6555	_	_	start_char=36911|end_char=36916
6557	future	_	_	_	_	6556	_	_	start_char=36917|end_char=36923
6558	lot	_	_	_	_	6557	_	_	start_char=36924|end_char=36927
6559	it	_	_	_	_	6558	_	_	start_char=36928|end_char=36930
6560	was	_	_	_	_	6559	_	_	start_char=36931|end_char=36934
6561	in	_	_	_	_	6560	_	_	start_char=36935|end_char=36937
6562	their	_	_	_	_	6561	_	_	start_char=36938|end_char=36943
6563	hands	_	_	_	_	6562	_	_	start_char=36944|end_char=36949
6564	to	_	_	_	_	6563	_	_	start_char=36950|end_char=36952
6565	direct	_	_	_	_	6564	_	_	start_char=36953|end_char=36959
6566	to	_	_	_	_	6565	_	_	start_char=36960|end_char=36962
6567	happiness	_	_	_	_	6566	_	_	start_char=36963|end_char=36972
6568	or	_	_	_	_	6567	_	_	start_char=36973|end_char=36975
6569	misery,	_	_	_	_	6568	_	_	start_char=36976|end_char=36983
6570	according	_	_	_	_	6569	_	_	start_char=36984|end_char=36993
6571	as	_	_	_	_	6570	_	_	start_char=36994|end_char=36996
6572	they	_	_	_	_	6571	_	_	start_char=36997|end_char=37001
6573	fulfilled	_	_	_	_	6572	_	_	start_char=37002|end_char=37011
6574	their	_	_	_	_	6573	_	_	start_char=37012|end_char=37017
6575	duties	_	_	_	_	6574	_	_	start_char=37018|end_char=37024
6576	towards	_	_	_	_	6575	_	_	start_char=37025|end_char=37032
6577	me.	_	_	_	_	6576	_	_	start_char=37033|end_char=37036
6578	With	_	_	_	_	6577	_	_	start_char=37037|end_char=37041
6579	this	_	_	_	_	6578	_	_	start_char=37042|end_char=37046
6580	deep	_	_	_	_	6579	_	_	start_char=37047|end_char=37051
6581	consciousness	_	_	_	_	6580	_	_	start_char=37052|end_char=37065
6582	of	_	_	_	_	6581	_	_	start_char=37066|end_char=37068
6583	what	_	_	_	_	6582	_	_	start_char=37069|end_char=37073
6584	they	_	_	_	_	6583	_	_	start_char=37074|end_char=37078
6585	owed	_	_	_	_	6584	_	_	start_char=37079|end_char=37083
6586	towards	_	_	_	_	6585	_	_	start_char=37084|end_char=37091
6587	the	_	_	_	_	6586	_	_	start_char=37092|end_char=37095
6588	being	_	_	_	_	6587	_	_	start_char=37096|end_char=37101
6589	to	_	_	_	_	6588	_	_	start_char=37102|end_char=37104
6590	which	_	_	_	_	6589	_	_	start_char=37105|end_char=37110
6591	they	_	_	_	_	6590	_	_	start_char=37111|end_char=37115
6592	had	_	_	_	_	6591	_	_	start_char=37116|end_char=37119
6593	given	_	_	_	_	6592	_	_	start_char=37120|end_char=37125
6594	life,	_	_	_	_	6593	_	_	start_char=37126|end_char=37131
6595	added	_	_	_	_	6594	_	_	start_char=37132|end_char=37137
6596	to	_	_	_	_	6595	_	_	start_char=37138|end_char=37140
6597	the	_	_	_	_	6596	_	_	start_char=37141|end_char=37144
6598	active	_	_	_	_	6597	_	_	start_char=37145|end_char=37151
6599	spirit	_	_	_	_	6598	_	_	start_char=37152|end_char=37158
6600	of	_	_	_	_	6599	_	_	start_char=37159|end_char=37161
6601	tenderness	_	_	_	_	6600	_	_	start_char=37162|end_char=37172
6602	that	_	_	_	_	6601	_	_	start_char=37173|end_char=37177
6603	animated	_	_	_	_	6602	_	_	start_char=37178|end_char=37186
6604	both,	_	_	_	_	6603	_	_	start_char=37187|end_char=37192
6605	it	_	_	_	_	6604	_	_	start_char=37193|end_char=37195
6606	may	_	_	_	_	6605	_	_	start_char=37196|end_char=37199
6607	be	_	_	_	_	6606	_	_	start_char=37200|end_char=37202
6608	imagined	_	_	_	_	6607	_	_	start_char=37203|end_char=37211
6609	that	_	_	_	_	6608	_	_	start_char=37212|end_char=37216
6610	while	_	_	_	_	6609	_	_	start_char=37217|end_char=37222
6611	during	_	_	_	_	6610	_	_	start_char=37223|end_char=37229
6612	every	_	_	_	_	6611	_	_	start_char=37230|end_char=37235
6613	hour	_	_	_	_	6612	_	_	start_char=37236|end_char=37240
6614	of	_	_	_	_	6613	_	_	start_char=37241|end_char=37243
6615	my	_	_	_	_	6614	_	_	start_char=37244|end_char=37246
6616	infant	_	_	_	_	6615	_	_	start_char=37247|end_char=37253
6617	life	_	_	_	_	6616	_	_	start_char=37254|end_char=37258
6618	I	_	_	_	_	6617	_	_	start_char=37259|end_char=37260
6619	received	_	_	_	_	6618	_	_	start_char=37261|end_char=37269
6620	a	_	_	_	_	6619	_	_	start_char=37270|end_char=37271
6621	lesson	_	_	_	_	6620	_	_	start_char=37272|end_char=37278
6622	of	_	_	_	_	6621	_	_	start_char=37279|end_char=37281
6623	patience,	_	_	_	_	6622	_	_	start_char=37282|end_char=37291
6624	of	_	_	_	_	6623	_	_	start_char=37292|end_char=37294
6625	charity,	_	_	_	_	6624	_	_	start_char=37295|end_char=37303
6626	and	_	_	_	_	6625	_	_	start_char=37304|end_char=37307
6627	of	_	_	_	_	6626	_	_	start_char=37308|end_char=37310
6628	self-control,	_	_	_	_	6627	_	_	start_char=37311|end_char=37324
6629	I	_	_	_	_	6628	_	_	start_char=37325|end_char=37326
6630	was	_	_	_	_	6629	_	_	start_char=37327|end_char=37330
6631	so	_	_	_	_	6630	_	_	start_char=37331|end_char=37333
6632	guided	_	_	_	_	6631	_	_	start_char=37334|end_char=37340
6633	by	_	_	_	_	6632	_	_	start_char=37341|end_char=37343
6634	a	_	_	_	_	6633	_	_	start_char=37344|end_char=37345
6635	silken	_	_	_	_	6634	_	_	start_char=37346|end_char=37352
6636	cord	_	_	_	_	6635	_	_	start_char=37353|end_char=37357
6637	that	_	_	_	_	6636	_	_	start_char=37358|end_char=37362
6638	all	_	_	_	_	6637	_	_	start_char=37363|end_char=37366
6639	seemed	_	_	_	_	6638	_	_	start_char=37367|end_char=37373
6640	but	_	_	_	_	6639	_	_	start_char=37374|end_char=37377
6641	one	_	_	_	_	6640	_	_	start_char=37378|end_char=37381
6642	train	_	_	_	_	6641	_	_	start_char=37382|end_char=37387
6643	of	_	_	_	_	6642	_	_	start_char=37388|end_char=37390
6644	enjoyment	_	_	_	_	6643	_	_	start_char=37391|end_char=37400
6645	to	_	_	_	_	6644	_	_	start_char=37401|end_char=37403
6646	me.	_	_	_	_	6645	_	_	start_char=37404|end_char=37407
6647	For	_	_	_	_	6646	_	_	start_char=37408|end_char=37411
6648	a	_	_	_	_	6647	_	_	start_char=37412|end_char=37413
6649	long	_	_	_	_	6648	_	_	start_char=37414|end_char=37418
6650	time	_	_	_	_	6649	_	_	start_char=37419|end_char=37423
6651	I	_	_	_	_	6650	_	_	start_char=37424|end_char=37425
6652	was	_	_	_	_	6651	_	_	start_char=37426|end_char=37429
6653	their	_	_	_	_	6652	_	_	start_char=37430|end_char=37435
6654	only	_	_	_	_	6653	_	_	start_char=37436|end_char=37440
6655	care.	_	_	_	_	6654	_	_	start_char=37441|end_char=37446
6656	My	_	_	_	_	6655	_	_	start_char=37447|end_char=37449
6657	mother	_	_	_	_	6656	_	_	start_char=37450|end_char=37456
6658	had	_	_	_	_	6657	_	_	start_char=37457|end_char=37460
6659	much	_	_	_	_	6658	_	_	start_char=37461|end_char=37465
6660	desired	_	_	_	_	6659	_	_	start_char=37466|end_char=37473
6661	to	_	_	_	_	6660	_	_	start_char=37474|end_char=37476
6662	have	_	_	_	_	6661	_	_	start_char=37477|end_char=37481
6663	a	_	_	_	_	6662	_	_	start_char=37482|end_char=37483
6664	daughter,	_	_	_	_	6663	_	_	start_char=37484|end_char=37493
6665	but	_	_	_	_	6664	_	_	start_char=37494|end_char=37497
6666	I	_	_	_	_	6665	_	_	start_char=37498|end_char=37499
6667	continued	_	_	_	_	6666	_	_	start_char=37500|end_char=37509
6668	their	_	_	_	_	6667	_	_	start_char=37510|end_char=37515
6669	single	_	_	_	_	6668	_	_	start_char=37516|end_char=37522
6670	offspring.	_	_	_	_	6669	_	_	start_char=37523|end_char=37533
6671	When	_	_	_	_	6670	_	_	start_char=37534|end_char=37538
6672	I	_	_	_	_	6671	_	_	start_char=37539|end_char=37540
6673	was	_	_	_	_	6672	_	_	start_char=37541|end_char=37544
6674	about	_	_	_	_	6673	_	_	start_char=37545|end_char=37550
6675	five	_	_	_	_	6674	_	_	start_char=37551|end_char=37555
6676	years	_	_	_	_	6675	_	_	start_char=37556|end_char=37561
6677	old,	_	_	_	_	6676	_	_	start_char=37562|end_char=37566
6678	while	_	_	_	_	6677	_	_	start_char=37567|end_char=37572
6679	making	_	_	_	_	6678	_	_	start_char=37573|end_char=37579
6680	an	_	_	_	_	6679	_	_	start_char=37580|end_char=37582
6681	excursion	_	_	_	_	6680	_	_	start_char=37583|end_char=37592
6682	beyond	_	_	_	_	6681	_	_	start_char=37593|end_char=37599
6683	the	_	_	_	_	6682	_	_	start_char=37600|end_char=37603
6684	frontiers	_	_	_	_	6683	_	_	start_char=37604|end_char=37613
6685	of	_	_	_	_	6684	_	_	start_char=37614|end_char=37616
6686	Italy,	_	_	_	_	6685	_	_	start_char=37617|end_char=37623
6687	they	_	_	_	_	6686	_	_	start_char=37624|end_char=37628
6688	passed	_	_	_	_	6687	_	_	start_char=37629|end_char=37635
6689	a	_	_	_	_	6688	_	_	start_char=37636|end_char=37637
6690	week	_	_	_	_	6689	_	_	start_char=37638|end_char=37642
6691	on	_	_	_	_	6690	_	_	start_char=37643|end_char=37645
6692	the	_	_	_	_	6691	_	_	start_char=37646|end_char=37649
6693	shores	_	_	_	_	6692	_	_	start_char=37650|end_char=37656
6694	of	_	_	_	_	6693	_	_	start_char=37657|end_char=37659
6695	the	_	_	_	_	6694	_	_	start_char=37660|end_char=37663
6696	Lake	_	_	_	_	6695	_	_	start_char=37664|end_char=37668
6697	of	_	_	_	_	6696	_	_	start_char=37669|end_char=37671
6698	Como.	_	_	_	_	6697	_	_	start_char=37672|end_char=37677
6699	Their	_	_	_	_	6698	_	_	start_char=37678|end_char=37683
6700	benevolent	_	_	_	_	6699	_	_	start_char=37684|end_char=37694
6701	disposition	_	_	_	_	6700	_	_	start_char=37695|end_char=37706
6702	often	_	_	_	_	6701	_	_	start_char=37707|end_char=37712
6703	made	_	_	_	_	6702	_	_	start_char=37713|end_char=37717
6704	them	_	_	_	_	6703	_	_	start_char=37718|end_char=37722
6705	enter	_	_	_	_	6704	_	_	start_char=37723|end_char=37728
6706	the	_	_	_	_	6705	_	_	start_char=37729|end_char=37732
6707	cottages	_	_	_	_	6706	_	_	start_char=37733|end_char=37741
6708	of	_	_	_	_	6707	_	_	start_char=37742|end_char=37744
6709	the	_	_	_	_	6708	_	_	start_char=37745|end_char=37748
6710	poor.	_	_	_	_	6709	_	_	start_char=37749|end_char=37754
6711	This,	_	_	_	_	6710	_	_	start_char=37755|end_char=37760
6712	to	_	_	_	_	6711	_	_	start_char=37761|end_char=37763
6713	my	_	_	_	_	6712	_	_	start_char=37764|end_char=37766
6714	mother,	_	_	_	_	6713	_	_	start_char=37767|end_char=37774
6715	was	_	_	_	_	6714	_	_	start_char=37775|end_char=37778
6716	more	_	_	_	_	6715	_	_	start_char=37779|end_char=37783
6717	than	_	_	_	_	6716	_	_	start_char=37784|end_char=37788
6718	a	_	_	_	_	6717	_	_	start_char=37789|end_char=37790
6719	duty;	_	_	_	_	6718	_	_	start_char=37791|end_char=37796
6720	it	_	_	_	_	6719	_	_	start_char=37797|end_char=37799
6721	was	_	_	_	_	6720	_	_	start_char=37800|end_char=37803
6722	a	_	_	_	_	6721	_	_	start_char=37804|end_char=37805
6723	necessity,	_	_	_	_	6722	_	_	start_char=37806|end_char=37816
6724	a	_	_	_	_	6723	_	_	start_char=37817|end_char=37818
6725	passion—remembering	_	_	_	_	6724	_	_	start_char=37819|end_char=37838
6726	what	_	_	_	_	6725	_	_	start_char=37839|end_char=37843
6727	she	_	_	_	_	6726	_	_	start_char=37844|end_char=37847
6728	had	_	_	_	_	6727	_	_	start_char=37848|end_char=37851
6729	suffered,	_	_	_	_	6728	_	_	start_char=37852|end_char=37861
6730	and	_	_	_	_	6729	_	_	start_char=37862|end_char=37865
6731	how	_	_	_	_	6730	_	_	start_char=37866|end_char=37869
6732	she	_	_	_	_	6731	_	_	start_char=37870|end_char=37873
6733	had	_	_	_	_	6732	_	_	start_char=37874|end_char=37877
6734	been	_	_	_	_	6733	_	_	start_char=37878|end_char=37882
6735	relieved—for	_	_	_	_	6734	_	_	start_char=37883|end_char=37895
6736	her	_	_	_	_	6735	_	_	start_char=37896|end_char=37899
6737	to	_	_	_	_	6736	_	_	start_char=37900|end_char=37902
6738	act	_	_	_	_	6737	_	_	start_char=37903|end_char=37906
6739	in	_	_	_	_	6738	_	_	start_char=37907|end_char=37909
6740	her	_	_	_	_	6739	_	_	start_char=37910|end_char=37913
6741	turn	_	_	_	_	6740	_	_	start_char=37914|end_char=37918
6742	the	_	_	_	_	6741	_	_	start_char=37919|end_char=37922
6743	guardian	_	_	_	_	6742	_	_	start_char=37923|end_char=37931
6744	angel	_	_	_	_	6743	_	_	start_char=37932|end_char=37937
6745	to	_	_	_	_	6744	_	_	start_char=37938|end_char=37940
6746	the	_	_	_	_	6745	_	_	start_char=37941|end_char=37944
6747	afflicted.	_	_	_	_	6746	_	_	start_char=37945|end_char=37955
6748	During	_	_	_	_	6747	_	_	start_char=37956|end_char=37962
6749	one	_	_	_	_	6748	_	_	start_char=37963|end_char=37966
6750	of	_	_	_	_	6749	_	_	start_char=37967|end_char=37969
6751	their	_	_	_	_	6750	_	_	start_char=37970|end_char=37975
6752	walks	_	_	_	_	6751	_	_	start_char=37976|end_char=37981
6753	a	_	_	_	_	6752	_	_	start_char=37982|end_char=37983
6754	poor	_	_	_	_	6753	_	_	start_char=37984|end_char=37988
6755	cot	_	_	_	_	6754	_	_	start_char=37989|end_char=37992
6756	in	_	_	_	_	6755	_	_	start_char=37993|end_char=37995
6757	the	_	_	_	_	6756	_	_	start_char=37996|end_char=37999
6758	foldings	_	_	_	_	6757	_	_	start_char=38000|end_char=38008
6759	of	_	_	_	_	6758	_	_	start_char=38009|end_char=38011
6760	a	_	_	_	_	6759	_	_	start_char=38012|end_char=38013
6761	vale	_	_	_	_	6760	_	_	start_char=38014|end_char=38018
6762	attracted	_	_	_	_	6761	_	_	start_char=38019|end_char=38028
6763	their	_	_	_	_	6762	_	_	start_char=38029|end_char=38034
6764	notice	_	_	_	_	6763	_	_	start_char=38035|end_char=38041
6765	as	_	_	_	_	6764	_	_	start_char=38042|end_char=38044
6766	being	_	_	_	_	6765	_	_	start_char=38045|end_char=38050
6767	singularly	_	_	_	_	6766	_	_	start_char=38051|end_char=38061
6768	disconsolate,	_	_	_	_	6767	_	_	start_char=38062|end_char=38075
6769	while	_	_	_	_	6768	_	_	start_char=38076|end_char=38081
6770	the	_	_	_	_	6769	_	_	start_char=38082|end_char=38085
6771	number	_	_	_	_	6770	_	_	start_char=38086|end_char=38092
6772	of	_	_	_	_	6771	_	_	start_char=38093|end_char=38095
6773	half-clothed	_	_	_	_	6772	_	_	start_char=38096|end_char=38108
6774	children	_	_	_	_	6773	_	_	start_char=38109|end_char=38117
6775	gathered	_	_	_	_	6774	_	_	start_char=38118|end_char=38126
6776	about	_	_	_	_	6775	_	_	start_char=38127|end_char=38132
6777	it	_	_	_	_	6776	_	_	start_char=38133|end_char=38135
6778	spoke	_	_	_	_	6777	_	_	start_char=38136|end_char=38141
6779	of	_	_	_	_	6778	_	_	start_char=38142|end_char=38144
6780	penury	_	_	_	_	6779	_	_	start_char=38145|end_char=38151
6781	in	_	_	_	_	6780	_	_	start_char=38152|end_char=38154
6782	its	_	_	_	_	6781	_	_	start_char=38155|end_char=38158
6783	worst	_	_	_	_	6782	_	_	start_char=38159|end_char=38164
6784	shape.	_	_	_	_	6783	_	_	start_char=38165|end_char=38171
6785	One	_	_	_	_	6784	_	_	start_char=38172|end_char=38175
6786	day,	_	_	_	_	6785	_	_	start_char=38176|end_char=38180
6787	when	_	_	_	_	6786	_	_	start_char=38181|end_char=38185
6788	my	_	_	_	_	6787	_	_	start_char=38186|end_char=38188
6789	father	_	_	_	_	6788	_	_	start_char=38189|end_char=38195
6790	had	_	_	_	_	6789	_	_	start_char=38196|end_char=38199
6791	gone	_	_	_	_	6790	_	_	start_char=38200|end_char=38204
6792	by	_	_	_	_	6791	_	_	start_char=38205|end_char=38207
6793	himself	_	_	_	_	6792	_	_	start_char=38208|end_char=38215
6794	to	_	_	_	_	6793	_	_	start_char=38216|end_char=38218
6795	Milan,	_	_	_	_	6794	_	_	start_char=38219|end_char=38225
6796	my	_	_	_	_	6795	_	_	start_char=38226|end_char=38228
6797	mother,	_	_	_	_	6796	_	_	start_char=38229|end_char=38236
6798	accompanied	_	_	_	_	6797	_	_	start_char=38237|end_char=38248
6799	by	_	_	_	_	6798	_	_	start_char=38249|end_char=38251
6800	me,	_	_	_	_	6799	_	_	start_char=38252|end_char=38255
6801	visited	_	_	_	_	6800	_	_	start_char=38256|end_char=38263
6802	this	_	_	_	_	6801	_	_	start_char=38264|end_char=38268
6803	abode.	_	_	_	_	6802	_	_	start_char=38269|end_char=38275
6804	She	_	_	_	_	6803	_	_	start_char=38276|end_char=38279
6805	found	_	_	_	_	6804	_	_	start_char=38280|end_char=38285
6806	a	_	_	_	_	6805	_	_	start_char=38286|end_char=38287
6807	peasant	_	_	_	_	6806	_	_	start_char=38288|end_char=38295
6808	and	_	_	_	_	6807	_	_	start_char=38296|end_char=38299
6809	his	_	_	_	_	6808	_	_	start_char=38300|end_char=38303
6810	wife,	_	_	_	_	6809	_	_	start_char=38304|end_char=38309
6811	hard	_	_	_	_	6810	_	_	start_char=38310|end_char=38314
6812	working,	_	_	_	_	6811	_	_	start_char=38315|end_char=38323
6813	bent	_	_	_	_	6812	_	_	start_char=38324|end_char=38328
6814	down	_	_	_	_	6813	_	_	start_char=38329|end_char=38333
6815	by	_	_	_	_	6814	_	_	start_char=38334|end_char=38336
6816	care	_	_	_	_	6815	_	_	start_char=38337|end_char=38341
6817	and	_	_	_	_	6816	_	_	start_char=38342|end_char=38345
6818	labour,	_	_	_	_	6817	_	_	start_char=38346|end_char=38353
6819	distributing	_	_	_	_	6818	_	_	start_char=38354|end_char=38366
6820	a	_	_	_	_	6819	_	_	start_char=38367|end_char=38368
6821	scanty	_	_	_	_	6820	_	_	start_char=38369|end_char=38375
6822	meal	_	_	_	_	6821	_	_	start_char=38376|end_char=38380
6823	to	_	_	_	_	6822	_	_	start_char=38381|end_char=38383
6824	five	_	_	_	_	6823	_	_	start_char=38384|end_char=38388
6825	hungry	_	_	_	_	6824	_	_	start_char=38389|end_char=38395
6826	babes.	_	_	_	_	6825	_	_	start_char=38396|end_char=38402
6827	Among	_	_	_	_	6826	_	_	start_char=38403|end_char=38408
6828	these	_	_	_	_	6827	_	_	start_char=38409|end_char=38414
6829	there	_	_	_	_	6828	_	_	start_char=38415|end_char=38420
6830	was	_	_	_	_	6829	_	_	start_char=38421|end_char=38424
6831	one	_	_	_	_	6830	_	_	start_char=38425|end_char=38428
6832	which	_	_	_	_	6831	_	_	start_char=38429|end_char=38434
6833	attracted	_	_	_	_	6832	_	_	start_char=38435|end_char=38444
6834	my	_	_	_	_	6833	_	_	start_char=38445|end_char=38447
6835	mother	_	_	_	_	6834	_	_	start_char=38448|end_char=38454
6836	far	_	_	_	_	6835	_	_	start_char=38455|end_char=38458
6837	above	_	_	_	_	6836	_	_	start_char=38459|end_char=38464
6838	all	_	_	_	_	6837	_	_	start_char=38465|end_char=38468
6839	the	_	_	_	_	6838	_	_	start_char=38469|end_char=38472
6840	rest.	_	_	_	_	6839	_	_	start_char=38473|end_char=38478
6841	She	_	_	_	_	6840	_	_	start_char=38479|end_char=38482
6842	appeared	_	_	_	_	6841	_	_	start_char=38483|end_char=38491
6843	of	_	_	_	_	6842	_	_	start_char=38492|end_char=38494
6844	a	_	_	_	_	6843	_	_	start_char=38495|end_char=38496
6845	different	_	_	_	_	6844	_	_	start_char=38497|end_char=38506
6846	stock.	_	_	_	_	6845	_	_	start_char=38507|end_char=38513
6847	The	_	_	_	_	6846	_	_	start_char=38514|end_char=38517
6848	four	_	_	_	_	6847	_	_	start_char=38518|end_char=38522
6849	others	_	_	_	_	6848	_	_	start_char=38523|end_char=38529
6850	were	_	_	_	_	6849	_	_	start_char=38530|end_char=38534
6851	dark-eyed,	_	_	_	_	6850	_	_	start_char=38535|end_char=38545
6852	hardy	_	_	_	_	6851	_	_	start_char=38546|end_char=38551
6853	little	_	_	_	_	6852	_	_	start_char=38552|end_char=38558
6854	vagrants;	_	_	_	_	6853	_	_	start_char=38559|end_char=38568
6855	this	_	_	_	_	6854	_	_	start_char=38569|end_char=38573
6856	child	_	_	_	_	6855	_	_	start_char=38574|end_char=38579
6857	was	_	_	_	_	6856	_	_	start_char=38580|end_char=38583
6858	thin	_	_	_	_	6857	_	_	start_char=38584|end_char=38588
6859	and	_	_	_	_	6858	_	_	start_char=38589|end_char=38592
6860	very	_	_	_	_	6859	_	_	start_char=38593|end_char=38597
6861	fair.	_	_	_	_	6860	_	_	start_char=38598|end_char=38603
6862	Her	_	_	_	_	6861	_	_	start_char=38604|end_char=38607
6863	hair	_	_	_	_	6862	_	_	start_char=38608|end_char=38612
6864	was	_	_	_	_	6863	_	_	start_char=38613|end_char=38616
6865	the	_	_	_	_	6864	_	_	start_char=38617|end_char=38620
6866	brightest	_	_	_	_	6865	_	_	start_char=38621|end_char=38630
6867	living	_	_	_	_	6866	_	_	start_char=38631|end_char=38637
6868	gold,	_	_	_	_	6867	_	_	start_char=38638|end_char=38643
6869	and	_	_	_	_	6868	_	_	start_char=38644|end_char=38647
6870	despite	_	_	_	_	6869	_	_	start_char=38648|end_char=38655
6871	the	_	_	_	_	6870	_	_	start_char=38656|end_char=38659
6872	poverty	_	_	_	_	6871	_	_	start_char=38660|end_char=38667
6873	of	_	_	_	_	6872	_	_	start_char=38668|end_char=38670
6874	her	_	_	_	_	6873	_	_	start_char=38671|end_char=38674
6875	clothing,	_	_	_	_	6874	_	_	start_char=38675|end_char=38684
6876	seemed	_	_	_	_	6875	_	_	start_char=38685|end_char=38691
6877	to	_	_	_	_	6876	_	_	start_char=38692|end_char=38694
6878	set	_	_	_	_	6877	_	_	start_char=38695|end_char=38698
6879	a	_	_	_	_	6878	_	_	start_char=38699|end_char=38700
6880	crown	_	_	_	_	6879	_	_	start_char=38701|end_char=38706
6881	of	_	_	_	_	6880	_	_	start_char=38707|end_char=38709
6882	distinction	_	_	_	_	6881	_	_	start_char=38710|end_char=38721
6883	on	_	_	_	_	6882	_	_	start_char=38722|end_char=38724
6884	her	_	_	_	_	6883	_	_	start_char=38725|end_char=38728
6885	head.	_	_	_	_	6884	_	_	start_char=38729|end_char=38734
6886	Her	_	_	_	_	6885	_	_	start_char=38735|end_char=38738
6887	brow	_	_	_	_	6886	_	_	start_char=38739|end_char=38743
6888	was	_	_	_	_	6887	_	_	start_char=38744|end_char=38747
6889	clear	_	_	_	_	6888	_	_	start_char=38748|end_char=38753
6890	and	_	_	_	_	6889	_	_	start_char=38754|end_char=38757
6891	ample,	_	_	_	_	6890	_	_	start_char=38758|end_char=38764
6892	her	_	_	_	_	6891	_	_	start_char=38765|end_char=38768
6893	blue	_	_	_	_	6892	_	_	start_char=38769|end_char=38773
6894	eyes	_	_	_	_	6893	_	_	start_char=38774|end_char=38778
6895	cloudless,	_	_	_	_	6894	_	_	start_char=38779|end_char=38789
6896	and	_	_	_	_	6895	_	_	start_char=38790|end_char=38793
6897	her	_	_	_	_	6896	_	_	start_char=38794|end_char=38797
6898	lips	_	_	_	_	6897	_	_	start_char=38798|end_char=38802
6899	and	_	_	_	_	6898	_	_	start_char=38803|end_char=38806
6900	the	_	_	_	_	6899	_	_	start_char=38807|end_char=38810
6901	moulding	_	_	_	_	6900	_	_	start_char=38811|end_char=38819
6902	of	_	_	_	_	6901	_	_	start_char=38820|end_char=38822
6903	her	_	_	_	_	6902	_	_	start_char=38823|end_char=38826
6904	face	_	_	_	_	6903	_	_	start_char=38827|end_char=38831
6905	so	_	_	_	_	6904	_	_	start_char=38832|end_char=38834
6906	expressive	_	_	_	_	6905	_	_	start_char=38835|end_char=38845
6907	of	_	_	_	_	6906	_	_	start_char=38846|end_char=38848
6908	sensibility	_	_	_	_	6907	_	_	start_char=38849|end_char=38860
6909	and	_	_	_	_	6908	_	_	start_char=38861|end_char=38864
6910	sweetness	_	_	_	_	6909	_	_	start_char=38865|end_char=38874
6911	that	_	_	_	_	6910	_	_	start_char=38875|end_char=38879
6912	none	_	_	_	_	6911	_	_	start_char=38880|end_char=38884
6913	could	_	_	_	_	6912	_	_	start_char=38885|end_char=38890
6914	behold	_	_	_	_	6913	_	_	start_char=38891|end_char=38897
6915	her	_	_	_	_	6914	_	_	start_char=38898|end_char=38901
6916	without	_	_	_	_	6915	_	_	start_char=38902|end_char=38909
6917	looking	_	_	_	_	6916	_	_	start_char=38910|end_char=38917
6918	on	_	_	_	_	6917	_	_	start_char=38918|end_char=38920
6919	her	_	_	_	_	6918	_	_	start_char=38921|end_char=38924
6920	as	_	_	_	_	6919	_	_	start_char=38925|end_char=38927
6921	of	_	_	_	_	6920	_	_	start_char=38928|end_char=38930
6922	a	_	_	_	_	6921	_	_	start_char=38931|end_char=38932
6923	distinct	_	_	_	_	6922	_	_	start_char=38933|end_char=38941
6924	species,	_	_	_	_	6923	_	_	start_char=38942|end_char=38950
6925	a	_	_	_	_	6924	_	_	start_char=38951|end_char=38952
6926	being	_	_	_	_	6925	_	_	start_char=38953|end_char=38958
6927	heaven-sent,	_	_	_	_	6926	_	_	start_char=38959|end_char=38971
6928	and	_	_	_	_	6927	_	_	start_char=38972|end_char=38975
6929	bearing	_	_	_	_	6928	_	_	start_char=38976|end_char=38983
6930	a	_	_	_	_	6929	_	_	start_char=38984|end_char=38985
6931	celestial	_	_	_	_	6930	_	_	start_char=38986|end_char=38995
6932	stamp	_	_	_	_	6931	_	_	start_char=38996|end_char=39001
6933	in	_	_	_	_	6932	_	_	start_char=39002|end_char=39004
6934	all	_	_	_	_	6933	_	_	start_char=39005|end_char=39008
6935	her	_	_	_	_	6934	_	_	start_char=39009|end_char=39012
6936	features.	_	_	_	_	6935	_	_	start_char=39013|end_char=39022
6937	The	_	_	_	_	6936	_	_	start_char=39023|end_char=39026
6938	peasant	_	_	_	_	6937	_	_	start_char=39027|end_char=39034
6939	woman,	_	_	_	_	6938	_	_	start_char=39035|end_char=39041
6940	perceiving	_	_	_	_	6939	_	_	start_char=39042|end_char=39052
6941	that	_	_	_	_	6940	_	_	start_char=39053|end_char=39057
6942	my	_	_	_	_	6941	_	_	start_char=39058|end_char=39060
6943	mother	_	_	_	_	6942	_	_	start_char=39061|end_char=39067
6944	fixed	_	_	_	_	6943	_	_	start_char=39068|end_char=39073
6945	eyes	_	_	_	_	6944	_	_	start_char=39074|end_char=39078
6946	of	_	_	_	_	6945	_	_	start_char=39079|end_char=39081
6947	wonder	_	_	_	_	6946	_	_	start_char=39082|end_char=39088
6948	and	_	_	_	_	6947	_	_	start_char=39089|end_char=39092
6949	admiration	_	_	_	_	6948	_	_	start_char=39093|end_char=39103
6950	on	_	_	_	_	6949	_	_	start_char=39104|end_char=39106
6951	this	_	_	_	_	6950	_	_	start_char=39107|end_char=39111
6952	lovely	_	_	_	_	6951	_	_	start_char=39112|end_char=39118
6953	girl,	_	_	_	_	6952	_	_	start_char=39119|end_char=39124
6954	eagerly	_	_	_	_	6953	_	_	start_char=39125|end_char=39132
6955	communicated	_	_	_	_	6954	_	_	start_char=39133|end_char=39145
6956	her	_	_	_	_	6955	_	_	start_char=39146|end_char=39149
6957	history.	_	_	_	_	6956	_	_	start_char=39150|end_char=39158
6958	She	_	_	_	_	6957	_	_	start_char=39159|end_char=39162
6959	was	_	_	_	_	6958	_	_	start_char=39163|end_char=39166
6960	not	_	_	_	_	6959	_	_	start_char=39167|end_char=39170
6961	her	_	_	_	_	6960	_	_	start_char=39171|end_char=39174
6962	child,	_	_	_	_	6961	_	_	start_char=39175|end_char=39181
6963	but	_	_	_	_	6962	_	_	start_char=39182|end_char=39185
6964	the	_	_	_	_	6963	_	_	start_char=39186|end_char=39189
6965	daughter	_	_	_	_	6964	_	_	start_char=39190|end_char=39198
6966	of	_	_	_	_	6965	_	_	start_char=39199|end_char=39201
6967	a	_	_	_	_	6966	_	_	start_char=39202|end_char=39203
6968	Milanese	_	_	_	_	6967	_	_	start_char=39204|end_char=39212
6969	nobleman.	_	_	_	_	6968	_	_	start_char=39213|end_char=39222
6970	Her	_	_	_	_	6969	_	_	start_char=39223|end_char=39226
6971	mother	_	_	_	_	6970	_	_	start_char=39227|end_char=39233
6972	was	_	_	_	_	6971	_	_	start_char=39234|end_char=39237
6973	a	_	_	_	_	6972	_	_	start_char=39238|end_char=39239
6974	German	_	_	_	_	6973	_	_	start_char=39240|end_char=39246
6975	and	_	_	_	_	6974	_	_	start_char=39247|end_char=39250
6976	had	_	_	_	_	6975	_	_	start_char=39251|end_char=39254
6977	died	_	_	_	_	6976	_	_	start_char=39255|end_char=39259
6978	on	_	_	_	_	6977	_	_	start_char=39260|end_char=39262
6979	giving	_	_	_	_	6978	_	_	start_char=39263|end_char=39269
6980	her	_	_	_	_	6979	_	_	start_char=39270|end_char=39273
6981	birth.	_	_	_	_	6980	_	_	start_char=39274|end_char=39280
6982	The	_	_	_	_	6981	_	_	start_char=39281|end_char=39284
6983	infant	_	_	_	_	6982	_	_	start_char=39285|end_char=39291
6984	had	_	_	_	_	6983	_	_	start_char=39292|end_char=39295
6985	been	_	_	_	_	6984	_	_	start_char=39296|end_char=39300
6986	placed	_	_	_	_	6985	_	_	start_char=39301|end_char=39307
6987	with	_	_	_	_	6986	_	_	start_char=39308|end_char=39312
6988	these	_	_	_	_	6987	_	_	start_char=39313|end_char=39318
6989	good	_	_	_	_	6988	_	_	start_char=39319|end_char=39323
6990	people	_	_	_	_	6989	_	_	start_char=39324|end_char=39330
6991	to	_	_	_	_	6990	_	_	start_char=39331|end_char=39333
6992	nurse:	_	_	_	_	6991	_	_	start_char=39334|end_char=39340
6993	they	_	_	_	_	6992	_	_	start_char=39341|end_char=39345
6994	were	_	_	_	_	6993	_	_	start_char=39346|end_char=39350
6995	better	_	_	_	_	6994	_	_	start_char=39351|end_char=39357
6996	off	_	_	_	_	6995	_	_	start_char=39358|end_char=39361
6997	then.	_	_	_	_	6996	_	_	start_char=39362|end_char=39367
6998	They	_	_	_	_	6997	_	_	start_char=39368|end_char=39372
6999	had	_	_	_	_	6998	_	_	start_char=39373|end_char=39376
7000	not	_	_	_	_	6999	_	_	start_char=39377|end_char=39380
7001	been	_	_	_	_	7000	_	_	start_char=39381|end_char=39385
7002	long	_	_	_	_	7001	_	_	start_char=39386|end_char=39390
7003	married,	_	_	_	_	7002	_	_	start_char=39391|end_char=39399
7004	and	_	_	_	_	7003	_	_	start_char=39400|end_char=39403
7005	their	_	_	_	_	7004	_	_	start_char=39404|end_char=39409
7006	eldest	_	_	_	_	7005	_	_	start_char=39410|end_char=39416
7007	child	_	_	_	_	7006	_	_	start_char=39417|end_char=39422
7008	was	_	_	_	_	7007	_	_	start_char=39423|end_char=39426
7009	but	_	_	_	_	7008	_	_	start_char=39427|end_char=39430
7010	just	_	_	_	_	7009	_	_	start_char=39431|end_char=39435
7011	born.	_	_	_	_	7010	_	_	start_char=39436|end_char=39441
7012	The	_	_	_	_	7011	_	_	start_char=39442|end_char=39445
7013	father	_	_	_	_	7012	_	_	start_char=39446|end_char=39452
7014	of	_	_	_	_	7013	_	_	start_char=39453|end_char=39455
7015	their	_	_	_	_	7014	_	_	start_char=39456|end_char=39461
7016	charge	_	_	_	_	7015	_	_	start_char=39462|end_char=39468
7017	was	_	_	_	_	7016	_	_	start_char=39469|end_char=39472
7018	one	_	_	_	_	7017	_	_	start_char=39473|end_char=39476
7019	of	_	_	_	_	7018	_	_	start_char=39477|end_char=39479
7020	those	_	_	_	_	7019	_	_	start_char=39480|end_char=39485
7021	Italians	_	_	_	_	7020	_	_	start_char=39486|end_char=39494
7022	nursed	_	_	_	_	7021	_	_	start_char=39495|end_char=39501
7023	in	_	_	_	_	7022	_	_	start_char=39502|end_char=39504
7024	the	_	_	_	_	7023	_	_	start_char=39505|end_char=39508
7025	memory	_	_	_	_	7024	_	_	start_char=39509|end_char=39515
7026	of	_	_	_	_	7025	_	_	start_char=39516|end_char=39518
7027	the	_	_	_	_	7026	_	_	start_char=39519|end_char=39522
7028	antique	_	_	_	_	7027	_	_	start_char=39523|end_char=39530
7029	glory	_	_	_	_	7028	_	_	start_char=39531|end_char=39536
7030	of	_	_	_	_	7029	_	_	start_char=39537|end_char=39539
7031	Italy—one	_	_	_	_	7030	_	_	start_char=39540|end_char=39549
7032	among	_	_	_	_	7031	_	_	start_char=39550|end_char=39555
7033	the	_	_	_	_	7032	_	_	start_char=39556|end_char=39559
7034	_schiavi	_	_	_	_	7033	_	_	start_char=39560|end_char=39568
7035	ognor	_	_	_	_	7034	_	_	start_char=39569|end_char=39574
7036	frementi,_	_	_	_	_	7035	_	_	start_char=39575|end_char=39585
7037	who	_	_	_	_	7036	_	_	start_char=39586|end_char=39589
7038	exerted	_	_	_	_	7037	_	_	start_char=39590|end_char=39597
7039	himself	_	_	_	_	7038	_	_	start_char=39598|end_char=39605
7040	to	_	_	_	_	7039	_	_	start_char=39606|end_char=39608
7041	obtain	_	_	_	_	7040	_	_	start_char=39609|end_char=39615
7042	the	_	_	_	_	7041	_	_	start_char=39616|end_char=39619
7043	liberty	_	_	_	_	7042	_	_	start_char=39620|end_char=39627
7044	of	_	_	_	_	7043	_	_	start_char=39628|end_char=39630
7045	his	_	_	_	_	7044	_	_	start_char=39631|end_char=39634
7046	country.	_	_	_	_	7045	_	_	start_char=39635|end_char=39643
7047	He	_	_	_	_	7046	_	_	start_char=39644|end_char=39646
7048	became	_	_	_	_	7047	_	_	start_char=39647|end_char=39653
7049	the	_	_	_	_	7048	_	_	start_char=39654|end_char=39657
7050	victim	_	_	_	_	7049	_	_	start_char=39658|end_char=39664
7051	of	_	_	_	_	7050	_	_	start_char=39665|end_char=39667
7052	its	_	_	_	_	7051	_	_	start_char=39668|end_char=39671
7053	weakness.	_	_	_	_	7052	_	_	start_char=39672|end_char=39681
7054	Whether	_	_	_	_	7053	_	_	start_char=39682|end_char=39689
7055	he	_	_	_	_	7054	_	_	start_char=39690|end_char=39692
7056	had	_	_	_	_	7055	_	_	start_char=39693|end_char=39696
7057	died	_	_	_	_	7056	_	_	start_char=39697|end_char=39701
7058	or	_	_	_	_	7057	_	_	start_char=39702|end_char=39704
7059	still	_	_	_	_	7058	_	_	start_char=39705|end_char=39710
7060	lingered	_	_	_	_	7059	_	_	start_char=39711|end_char=39719
7061	in	_	_	_	_	7060	_	_	start_char=39720|end_char=39722
7062	the	_	_	_	_	7061	_	_	start_char=39723|end_char=39726
7063	dungeons	_	_	_	_	7062	_	_	start_char=39727|end_char=39735
7064	of	_	_	_	_	7063	_	_	start_char=39736|end_char=39738
7065	Austria	_	_	_	_	7064	_	_	start_char=39739|end_char=39746
7066	was	_	_	_	_	7065	_	_	start_char=39747|end_char=39750
7067	not	_	_	_	_	7066	_	_	start_char=39751|end_char=39754
7068	known.	_	_	_	_	7067	_	_	start_char=39755|end_char=39761
7069	His	_	_	_	_	7068	_	_	start_char=39762|end_char=39765
7070	property	_	_	_	_	7069	_	_	start_char=39766|end_char=39774
7071	was	_	_	_	_	7070	_	_	start_char=39775|end_char=39778
7072	confiscated;	_	_	_	_	7071	_	_	start_char=39779|end_char=39791
7073	his	_	_	_	_	7072	_	_	start_char=39792|end_char=39795
7074	child	_	_	_	_	7073	_	_	start_char=39796|end_char=39801
7075	became	_	_	_	_	7074	_	_	start_char=39802|end_char=39808
7076	an	_	_	_	_	7075	_	_	start_char=39809|end_char=39811
7077	orphan	_	_	_	_	7076	_	_	start_char=39812|end_char=39818
7078	and	_	_	_	_	7077	_	_	start_char=39819|end_char=39822
7079	a	_	_	_	_	7078	_	_	start_char=39823|end_char=39824
7080	beggar.	_	_	_	_	7079	_	_	start_char=39825|end_char=39832
7081	She	_	_	_	_	7080	_	_	start_char=39833|end_char=39836
7082	continued	_	_	_	_	7081	_	_	start_char=39837|end_char=39846
7083	with	_	_	_	_	7082	_	_	start_char=39847|end_char=39851
7084	her	_	_	_	_	7083	_	_	start_char=39852|end_char=39855
7085	foster	_	_	_	_	7084	_	_	start_char=39856|end_char=39862
7086	parents	_	_	_	_	7085	_	_	start_char=39863|end_char=39870
7087	and	_	_	_	_	7086	_	_	start_char=39871|end_char=39874
7088	bloomed	_	_	_	_	7087	_	_	start_char=39875|end_char=39882
7089	in	_	_	_	_	7088	_	_	start_char=39883|end_char=39885
7090	their	_	_	_	_	7089	_	_	start_char=39886|end_char=39891
7091	rude	_	_	_	_	7090	_	_	start_char=39892|end_char=39896
7092	abode,	_	_	_	_	7091	_	_	start_char=39897|end_char=39903
7093	fairer	_	_	_	_	7092	_	_	start_char=39904|end_char=39910
7094	than	_	_	_	_	7093	_	_	start_char=39911|end_char=39915
7095	a	_	_	_	_	7094	_	_	start_char=39916|end_char=39917
7096	garden	_	_	_	_	7095	_	_	start_char=39918|end_char=39924
7097	rose	_	_	_	_	7096	_	_	start_char=39925|end_char=39929
7098	among	_	_	_	_	7097	_	_	start_char=39930|end_char=39935
7099	dark-leaved	_	_	_	_	7098	_	_	start_char=39936|end_char=39947
7100	brambles.	_	_	_	_	7099	_	_	start_char=39948|end_char=39957
7101	When	_	_	_	_	7100	_	_	start_char=39958|end_char=39962
7102	my	_	_	_	_	7101	_	_	start_char=39963|end_char=39965
7103	father	_	_	_	_	7102	_	_	start_char=39966|end_char=39972
7104	returned	_	_	_	_	7103	_	_	start_char=39973|end_char=39981
7105	from	_	_	_	_	7104	_	_	start_char=39982|end_char=39986
7106	Milan,	_	_	_	_	7105	_	_	start_char=39987|end_char=39993
7107	he	_	_	_	_	7106	_	_	start_char=39994|end_char=39996
7108	found	_	_	_	_	7107	_	_	start_char=39997|end_char=40002
7109	playing	_	_	_	_	7108	_	_	start_char=40003|end_char=40010
7110	with	_	_	_	_	7109	_	_	start_char=40011|end_char=40015
7111	me	_	_	_	_	7110	_	_	start_char=40016|end_char=40018
7112	in	_	_	_	_	7111	_	_	start_char=40019|end_char=40021
7113	the	_	_	_	_	7112	_	_	start_char=40022|end_char=40025
7114	hall	_	_	_	_	7113	_	_	start_char=40026|end_char=40030
7115	of	_	_	_	_	7114	_	_	start_char=40031|end_char=40033
7116	our	_	_	_	_	7115	_	_	start_char=40034|end_char=40037
7117	villa	_	_	_	_	7116	_	_	start_char=40038|end_char=40043
7118	a	_	_	_	_	7117	_	_	start_char=40044|end_char=40045
7119	child	_	_	_	_	7118	_	_	start_char=40046|end_char=40051
7120	fairer	_	_	_	_	7119	_	_	start_char=40052|end_char=40058
7121	than	_	_	_	_	7120	_	_	start_char=40059|end_char=40063
7122	pictured	_	_	_	_	7121	_	_	start_char=40064|end_char=40072
7123	cherub—a	_	_	_	_	7122	_	_	start_char=40073|end_char=40081
7124	creature	_	_	_	_	7123	_	_	start_char=40082|end_char=40090
7125	who	_	_	_	_	7124	_	_	start_char=40091|end_char=40094
7126	seemed	_	_	_	_	7125	_	_	start_char=40095|end_char=40101
7127	to	_	_	_	_	7126	_	_	start_char=40102|end_char=40104
7128	shed	_	_	_	_	7127	_	_	start_char=40105|end_char=40109
7129	radiance	_	_	_	_	7128	_	_	start_char=40110|end_char=40118
7130	from	_	_	_	_	7129	_	_	start_char=40119|end_char=40123
7131	her	_	_	_	_	7130	_	_	start_char=40124|end_char=40127
7132	looks	_	_	_	_	7131	_	_	start_char=40128|end_char=40133
7133	and	_	_	_	_	7132	_	_	start_char=40134|end_char=40137
7134	whose	_	_	_	_	7133	_	_	start_char=40138|end_char=40143
7135	form	_	_	_	_	7134	_	_	start_char=40144|end_char=40148
7136	and	_	_	_	_	7135	_	_	start_char=40149|end_char=40152
7137	motions	_	_	_	_	7136	_	_	start_char=40153|end_char=40160
7138	were	_	_	_	_	7137	_	_	start_char=40161|end_char=40165
7139	lighter	_	_	_	_	7138	_	_	start_char=40166|end_char=40173
7140	than	_	_	_	_	7139	_	_	start_char=40174|end_char=40178
7141	the	_	_	_	_	7140	_	_	start_char=40179|end_char=40182
7142	chamois	_	_	_	_	7141	_	_	start_char=40183|end_char=40190
7143	of	_	_	_	_	7142	_	_	start_char=40191|end_char=40193
7144	the	_	_	_	_	7143	_	_	start_char=40194|end_char=40197
7145	hills.	_	_	_	_	7144	_	_	start_char=40198|end_char=40204
7146	The	_	_	_	_	7145	_	_	start_char=40205|end_char=40208
7147	apparition	_	_	_	_	7146	_	_	start_char=40209|end_char=40219
7148	was	_	_	_	_	7147	_	_	start_char=40220|end_char=40223
7149	soon	_	_	_	_	7148	_	_	start_char=40224|end_char=40228
7150	explained.	_	_	_	_	7149	_	_	start_char=40229|end_char=40239
7151	With	_	_	_	_	7150	_	_	start_char=40240|end_char=40244
7152	his	_	_	_	_	7151	_	_	start_char=40245|end_char=40248
7153	permission	_	_	_	_	7152	_	_	start_char=40249|end_char=40259
7154	my	_	_	_	_	7153	_	_	start_char=40260|end_char=40262
7155	mother	_	_	_	_	7154	_	_	start_char=40263|end_char=40269
7156	prevailed	_	_	_	_	7155	_	_	start_char=40270|end_char=40279
7157	on	_	_	_	_	7156	_	_	start_char=40280|end_char=40282
7158	her	_	_	_	_	7157	_	_	start_char=40283|end_char=40286
7159	rustic	_	_	_	_	7158	_	_	start_char=40287|end_char=40293
7160	guardians	_	_	_	_	7159	_	_	start_char=40294|end_char=40303
7161	to	_	_	_	_	7160	_	_	start_char=40304|end_char=40306
7162	yield	_	_	_	_	7161	_	_	start_char=40307|end_char=40312
7163	their	_	_	_	_	7162	_	_	start_char=40313|end_char=40318
7164	charge	_	_	_	_	7163	_	_	start_char=40319|end_char=40325
7165	to	_	_	_	_	7164	_	_	start_char=40326|end_char=40328
7166	her.	_	_	_	_	7165	_	_	start_char=40329|end_char=40333
7167	They	_	_	_	_	7166	_	_	start_char=40334|end_char=40338
7168	were	_	_	_	_	7167	_	_	start_char=40339|end_char=40343
7169	fond	_	_	_	_	7168	_	_	start_char=40344|end_char=40348
7170	of	_	_	_	_	7169	_	_	start_char=40349|end_char=40351
7171	the	_	_	_	_	7170	_	_	start_char=40352|end_char=40355
7172	sweet	_	_	_	_	7171	_	_	start_char=40356|end_char=40361
7173	orphan.	_	_	_	_	7172	_	_	start_char=40362|end_char=40369
7174	Her	_	_	_	_	7173	_	_	start_char=40370|end_char=40373
7175	presence	_	_	_	_	7174	_	_	start_char=40374|end_char=40382
7176	had	_	_	_	_	7175	_	_	start_char=40383|end_char=40386
7177	seemed	_	_	_	_	7176	_	_	start_char=40387|end_char=40393
7178	a	_	_	_	_	7177	_	_	start_char=40394|end_char=40395
7179	blessing	_	_	_	_	7178	_	_	start_char=40396|end_char=40404
7180	to	_	_	_	_	7179	_	_	start_char=40405|end_char=40407
7181	them,	_	_	_	_	7180	_	_	start_char=40408|end_char=40413
7182	but	_	_	_	_	7181	_	_	start_char=40414|end_char=40417
7183	it	_	_	_	_	7182	_	_	start_char=40418|end_char=40420
7184	would	_	_	_	_	7183	_	_	start_char=40421|end_char=40426
7185	be	_	_	_	_	7184	_	_	start_char=40427|end_char=40429
7186	unfair	_	_	_	_	7185	_	_	start_char=40430|end_char=40436
7187	to	_	_	_	_	7186	_	_	start_char=40437|end_char=40439
7188	her	_	_	_	_	7187	_	_	start_char=40440|end_char=40443
7189	to	_	_	_	_	7188	_	_	start_char=40444|end_char=40446
7190	keep	_	_	_	_	7189	_	_	start_char=40447|end_char=40451
7191	her	_	_	_	_	7190	_	_	start_char=40452|end_char=40455
7192	in	_	_	_	_	7191	_	_	start_char=40456|end_char=40458
7193	poverty	_	_	_	_	7192	_	_	start_char=40459|end_char=40466
7194	and	_	_	_	_	7193	_	_	start_char=40467|end_char=40470
7195	want	_	_	_	_	7194	_	_	start_char=40471|end_char=40475
7196	when	_	_	_	_	7195	_	_	start_char=40476|end_char=40480
7197	Providence	_	_	_	_	7196	_	_	start_char=40481|end_char=40491
7198	afforded	_	_	_	_	7197	_	_	start_char=40492|end_char=40500
7199	her	_	_	_	_	7198	_	_	start_char=40501|end_char=40504
7200	such	_	_	_	_	7199	_	_	start_char=40505|end_char=40509
7201	powerful	_	_	_	_	7200	_	_	start_char=40510|end_char=40518
7202	protection.	_	_	_	_	7201	_	_	start_char=40519|end_char=40530
7203	They	_	_	_	_	7202	_	_	start_char=40531|end_char=40535
7204	consulted	_	_	_	_	7203	_	_	start_char=40536|end_char=40545
7205	their	_	_	_	_	7204	_	_	start_char=40546|end_char=40551
7206	village	_	_	_	_	7205	_	_	start_char=40552|end_char=40559
7207	priest,	_	_	_	_	7206	_	_	start_char=40560|end_char=40567
7208	and	_	_	_	_	7207	_	_	start_char=40568|end_char=40571
7209	the	_	_	_	_	7208	_	_	start_char=40572|end_char=40575
7210	result	_	_	_	_	7209	_	_	start_char=40576|end_char=40582
7211	was	_	_	_	_	7210	_	_	start_char=40583|end_char=40586
7212	that	_	_	_	_	7211	_	_	start_char=40587|end_char=40591
7213	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	7212	_	_	start_char=40592|end_char=40601
7214	Lavenza	_	_	_	_	7213	_	_	start_char=40602|end_char=40609
7215	became	_	_	_	_	7214	_	_	start_char=40610|end_char=40616
7216	the	_	_	_	_	7215	_	_	start_char=40617|end_char=40620
7217	inmate	_	_	_	_	7216	_	_	start_char=40621|end_char=40627
7218	of	_	_	_	_	7217	_	_	start_char=40628|end_char=40630
7219	my	_	_	_	_	7218	_	_	start_char=40631|end_char=40633
7220	parents’	_	_	_	_	7219	_	_	start_char=40634|end_char=40642
7221	house—my	_	_	_	_	7220	_	_	start_char=40643|end_char=40651
7222	more	_	_	_	_	7221	_	_	start_char=40652|end_char=40656
7223	than	_	_	_	_	7222	_	_	start_char=40657|end_char=40661
7224	sister—the	_	_	_	_	7223	_	_	start_char=40662|end_char=40672
7225	beautiful	_	_	_	_	7224	_	_	start_char=40673|end_char=40682
7226	and	_	_	_	_	7225	_	_	start_char=40683|end_char=40686
7227	adored	_	_	_	_	7226	_	_	start_char=40687|end_char=40693
7228	companion	_	_	_	_	7227	_	_	start_char=40694|end_char=40703
7229	of	_	_	_	_	7228	_	_	start_char=40704|end_char=40706
7230	all	_	_	_	_	7229	_	_	start_char=40707|end_char=40710
7231	my	_	_	_	_	7230	_	_	start_char=40711|end_char=40713
7232	occupations	_	_	_	_	7231	_	_	start_char=40714|end_char=40725
7233	and	_	_	_	_	7232	_	_	start_char=40726|end_char=40729
7234	my	_	_	_	_	7233	_	_	start_char=40730|end_char=40732
7235	pleasures.	_	_	_	_	7234	_	_	start_char=40733|end_char=40743
7236	Everyone	_	_	_	_	7235	_	_	start_char=40744|end_char=40752
7237	loved	_	_	_	_	7236	_	_	start_char=40753|end_char=40758
7238	Elizabeth.	_	_	_	_	7237	_	_	start_char=40759|end_char=40769
7239	The	_	_	_	_	7238	_	_	start_char=40770|end_char=40773
7240	passionate	_	_	_	_	7239	_	_	start_char=40774|end_char=40784
7241	and	_	_	_	_	7240	_	_	start_char=40785|end_char=40788
7242	almost	_	_	_	_	7241	_	_	start_char=40789|end_char=40795
7243	reverential	_	_	_	_	7242	_	_	start_char=40796|end_char=40807
7244	attachment	_	_	_	_	7243	_	_	start_char=40808|end_char=40818
7245	with	_	_	_	_	7244	_	_	start_char=40819|end_char=40823
7246	which	_	_	_	_	7245	_	_	start_char=40824|end_char=40829
7247	all	_	_	_	_	7246	_	_	start_char=40830|end_char=40833
7248	regarded	_	_	_	_	7247	_	_	start_char=40834|end_char=40842
7249	her	_	_	_	_	7248	_	_	start_char=40843|end_char=40846
7250	became,	_	_	_	_	7249	_	_	start_char=40847|end_char=40854
7251	while	_	_	_	_	7250	_	_	start_char=40855|end_char=40860
7252	I	_	_	_	_	7251	_	_	start_char=40861|end_char=40862
7253	shared	_	_	_	_	7252	_	_	start_char=40863|end_char=40869
7254	it,	_	_	_	_	7253	_	_	start_char=40870|end_char=40873
7255	my	_	_	_	_	7254	_	_	start_char=40874|end_char=40876
7256	pride	_	_	_	_	7255	_	_	start_char=40877|end_char=40882
7257	and	_	_	_	_	7256	_	_	start_char=40883|end_char=40886
7258	my	_	_	_	_	7257	_	_	start_char=40887|end_char=40889
7259	delight.	_	_	_	_	7258	_	_	start_char=40890|end_char=40898
7260	On	_	_	_	_	7259	_	_	start_char=40899|end_char=40901
7261	the	_	_	_	_	7260	_	_	start_char=40902|end_char=40905
7262	evening	_	_	_	_	7261	_	_	start_char=40906|end_char=40913
7263	previous	_	_	_	_	7262	_	_	start_char=40914|end_char=40922
7264	to	_	_	_	_	7263	_	_	start_char=40923|end_char=40925
7265	her	_	_	_	_	7264	_	_	start_char=40926|end_char=40929
7266	being	_	_	_	_	7265	_	_	start_char=40930|end_char=40935
7267	brought	_	_	_	_	7266	_	_	start_char=40936|end_char=40943
7268	to	_	_	_	_	7267	_	_	start_char=40944|end_char=40946
7269	my	_	_	_	_	7268	_	_	start_char=40947|end_char=40949
7270	home,	_	_	_	_	7269	_	_	start_char=40950|end_char=40955
7271	my	_	_	_	_	7270	_	_	start_char=40956|end_char=40958
7272	mother	_	_	_	_	7271	_	_	start_char=40959|end_char=40965
7273	had	_	_	_	_	7272	_	_	start_char=40966|end_char=40969
7274	said	_	_	_	_	7273	_	_	start_char=40970|end_char=40974
7275	playfully,	_	_	_	_	7274	_	_	start_char=40975|end_char=40985
7276	“I	_	_	_	_	7275	_	_	start_char=40986|end_char=40988
7277	have	_	_	_	_	7276	_	_	start_char=40989|end_char=40993
7278	a	_	_	_	_	7277	_	_	start_char=40994|end_char=40995
7279	pretty	_	_	_	_	7278	_	_	start_char=40996|end_char=41002
7280	present	_	_	_	_	7279	_	_	start_char=41003|end_char=41010
7281	for	_	_	_	_	7280	_	_	start_char=41011|end_char=41014
7282	my	_	_	_	_	7281	_	_	start_char=41015|end_char=41017
7283	Victor—tomorrow	_	_	_	_	7282	_	_	start_char=41018|end_char=41033
7284	he	_	_	_	_	7283	_	_	start_char=41034|end_char=41036
7285	shall	_	_	_	_	7284	_	_	start_char=41037|end_char=41042
7286	have	_	_	_	_	7285	_	_	start_char=41043|end_char=41047
7287	it.”	_	_	_	_	7286	_	_	start_char=41048|end_char=41052
7288	And	_	_	_	_	7287	_	_	start_char=41053|end_char=41056
7289	when,	_	_	_	_	7288	_	_	start_char=41057|end_char=41062
7290	on	_	_	_	_	7289	_	_	start_char=41063|end_char=41065
7291	the	_	_	_	_	7290	_	_	start_char=41066|end_char=41069
7292	morrow,	_	_	_	_	7291	_	_	start_char=41070|end_char=41077
7293	she	_	_	_	_	7292	_	_	start_char=41078|end_char=41081
7294	presented	_	_	_	_	7293	_	_	start_char=41082|end_char=41091
7295	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	7294	_	_	start_char=41092|end_char=41101
7296	to	_	_	_	_	7295	_	_	start_char=41102|end_char=41104
7297	me	_	_	_	_	7296	_	_	start_char=41105|end_char=41107
7298	as	_	_	_	_	7297	_	_	start_char=41108|end_char=41110
7299	her	_	_	_	_	7298	_	_	start_char=41111|end_char=41114
7300	promised	_	_	_	_	7299	_	_	start_char=41115|end_char=41123
7301	gift,	_	_	_	_	7300	_	_	start_char=41124|end_char=41129
7302	I,	_	_	_	_	7301	_	_	start_char=41130|end_char=41132
7303	with	_	_	_	_	7302	_	_	start_char=41133|end_char=41137
7304	childish	_	_	_	_	7303	_	_	start_char=41138|end_char=41146
7305	seriousness,	_	_	_	_	7304	_	_	start_char=41147|end_char=41159
7306	interpreted	_	_	_	_	7305	_	_	start_char=41160|end_char=41171
7307	her	_	_	_	_	7306	_	_	start_char=41172|end_char=41175
7308	words	_	_	_	_	7307	_	_	start_char=41176|end_char=41181
7309	literally	_	_	_	_	7308	_	_	start_char=41182|end_char=41191
7310	and	_	_	_	_	7309	_	_	start_char=41192|end_char=41195
7311	looked	_	_	_	_	7310	_	_	start_char=41196|end_char=41202
7312	upon	_	_	_	_	7311	_	_	start_char=41203|end_char=41207
7313	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	7312	_	_	start_char=41208|end_char=41217
7314	as	_	_	_	_	7313	_	_	start_char=41218|end_char=41220
7315	mine—mine	_	_	_	_	7314	_	_	start_char=41221|end_char=41230
7316	to	_	_	_	_	7315	_	_	start_char=41231|end_char=41233
7317	protect,	_	_	_	_	7316	_	_	start_char=41234|end_char=41242
7318	love,	_	_	_	_	7317	_	_	start_char=41243|end_char=41248
7319	and	_	_	_	_	7318	_	_	start_char=41249|end_char=41252
7320	cherish.	_	_	_	_	7319	_	_	start_char=41253|end_char=41261
7321	All	_	_	_	_	7320	_	_	start_char=41262|end_char=41265
7322	praises	_	_	_	_	7321	_	_	start_char=41266|end_char=41273
7323	bestowed	_	_	_	_	7322	_	_	start_char=41274|end_char=41282
7324	on	_	_	_	_	7323	_	_	start_char=41283|end_char=41285
7325	her	_	_	_	_	7324	_	_	start_char=41286|end_char=41289
7326	I	_	_	_	_	7325	_	_	start_char=41290|end_char=41291
7327	received	_	_	_	_	7326	_	_	start_char=41292|end_char=41300
7328	as	_	_	_	_	7327	_	_	start_char=41301|end_char=41303
7329	made	_	_	_	_	7328	_	_	start_char=41304|end_char=41308
7330	to	_	_	_	_	7329	_	_	start_char=41309|end_char=41311
7331	a	_	_	_	_	7330	_	_	start_char=41312|end_char=41313
7332	possession	_	_	_	_	7331	_	_	start_char=41314|end_char=41324
7333	of	_	_	_	_	7332	_	_	start_char=41325|end_char=41327
7334	my	_	_	_	_	7333	_	_	start_char=41328|end_char=41330
7335	own.	_	_	_	_	7334	_	_	start_char=41331|end_char=41335
7336	We	_	_	_	_	7335	_	_	start_char=41336|end_char=41338
7337	called	_	_	_	_	7336	_	_	start_char=41339|end_char=41345
7338	each	_	_	_	_	7337	_	_	start_char=41346|end_char=41350
7339	other	_	_	_	_	7338	_	_	start_char=41351|end_char=41356
7340	familiarly	_	_	_	_	7339	_	_	start_char=41357|end_char=41367
7341	by	_	_	_	_	7340	_	_	start_char=41368|end_char=41370
7342	the	_	_	_	_	7341	_	_	start_char=41371|end_char=41374
7343	name	_	_	_	_	7342	_	_	start_char=41375|end_char=41379
7344	of	_	_	_	_	7343	_	_	start_char=41380|end_char=41382
7345	cousin.	_	_	_	_	7344	_	_	start_char=41383|end_char=41390
7346	No	_	_	_	_	7345	_	_	start_char=41391|end_char=41393
7347	word,	_	_	_	_	7346	_	_	start_char=41394|end_char=41399
7348	no	_	_	_	_	7347	_	_	start_char=41400|end_char=41402
7349	expression	_	_	_	_	7348	_	_	start_char=41403|end_char=41413
7350	could	_	_	_	_	7349	_	_	start_char=41414|end_char=41419
7351	body	_	_	_	_	7350	_	_	start_char=41420|end_char=41424
7352	forth	_	_	_	_	7351	_	_	start_char=41425|end_char=41430
7353	the	_	_	_	_	7352	_	_	start_char=41431|end_char=41434
7354	kind	_	_	_	_	7353	_	_	start_char=41435|end_char=41439
7355	of	_	_	_	_	7354	_	_	start_char=41440|end_char=41442
7356	relation	_	_	_	_	7355	_	_	start_char=41443|end_char=41451
7357	in	_	_	_	_	7356	_	_	start_char=41452|end_char=41454
7358	which	_	_	_	_	7357	_	_	start_char=41455|end_char=41460
7359	she	_	_	_	_	7358	_	_	start_char=41461|end_char=41464
7360	stood	_	_	_	_	7359	_	_	start_char=41465|end_char=41470
7361	to	_	_	_	_	7360	_	_	start_char=41471|end_char=41473
7362	me—my	_	_	_	_	7361	_	_	start_char=41474|end_char=41479
7363	more	_	_	_	_	7362	_	_	start_char=41480|end_char=41484
7364	than	_	_	_	_	7363	_	_	start_char=41485|end_char=41489
7365	sister,	_	_	_	_	7364	_	_	start_char=41490|end_char=41497
7366	since	_	_	_	_	7365	_	_	start_char=41498|end_char=41503
7367	till	_	_	_	_	7366	_	_	start_char=41504|end_char=41508
7368	death	_	_	_	_	7367	_	_	start_char=41509|end_char=41514
7369	she	_	_	_	_	7368	_	_	start_char=41515|end_char=41518
7370	was	_	_	_	_	7369	_	_	start_char=41519|end_char=41522
7371	to	_	_	_	_	7370	_	_	start_char=41523|end_char=41525
7372	be	_	_	_	_	7371	_	_	start_char=41526|end_char=41528
7373	mine	_	_	_	_	7372	_	_	start_char=41529|end_char=41533
7374	only.	_	_	_	_	7373	_	_	start_char=41534|end_char=41539
7375	Chapter	_	_	_	_	7374	_	_	start_char=41540|end_char=41547
7376	2	_	_	_	_	7375	_	_	start_char=41548|end_char=41549
7377	We	_	_	_	_	7376	_	_	start_char=41550|end_char=41552
7378	were	_	_	_	_	7377	_	_	start_char=41553|end_char=41557
7379	brought	_	_	_	_	7378	_	_	start_char=41558|end_char=41565
7380	up	_	_	_	_	7379	_	_	start_char=41566|end_char=41568
7381	together;	_	_	_	_	7380	_	_	start_char=41569|end_char=41578
7382	there	_	_	_	_	7381	_	_	start_char=41579|end_char=41584
7383	was	_	_	_	_	7382	_	_	start_char=41585|end_char=41588
7384	not	_	_	_	_	7383	_	_	start_char=41589|end_char=41592
7385	quite	_	_	_	_	7384	_	_	start_char=41593|end_char=41598
7386	a	_	_	_	_	7385	_	_	start_char=41599|end_char=41600
7387	year	_	_	_	_	7386	_	_	start_char=41601|end_char=41605
7388	difference	_	_	_	_	7387	_	_	start_char=41606|end_char=41616
7389	in	_	_	_	_	7388	_	_	start_char=41617|end_char=41619
7390	our	_	_	_	_	7389	_	_	start_char=41620|end_char=41623
7391	ages.	_	_	_	_	7390	_	_	start_char=41624|end_char=41629
7392	I	_	_	_	_	7391	_	_	start_char=41630|end_char=41631
7393	need	_	_	_	_	7392	_	_	start_char=41632|end_char=41636
7394	not	_	_	_	_	7393	_	_	start_char=41637|end_char=41640
7395	say	_	_	_	_	7394	_	_	start_char=41641|end_char=41644
7396	that	_	_	_	_	7395	_	_	start_char=41645|end_char=41649
7397	we	_	_	_	_	7396	_	_	start_char=41650|end_char=41652
7398	were	_	_	_	_	7397	_	_	start_char=41653|end_char=41657
7399	strangers	_	_	_	_	7398	_	_	start_char=41658|end_char=41667
7400	to	_	_	_	_	7399	_	_	start_char=41668|end_char=41670
7401	any	_	_	_	_	7400	_	_	start_char=41671|end_char=41674
7402	species	_	_	_	_	7401	_	_	start_char=41675|end_char=41682
7403	of	_	_	_	_	7402	_	_	start_char=41683|end_char=41685
7404	disunion	_	_	_	_	7403	_	_	start_char=41686|end_char=41694
7405	or	_	_	_	_	7404	_	_	start_char=41695|end_char=41697
7406	dispute.	_	_	_	_	7405	_	_	start_char=41698|end_char=41706
7407	Harmony	_	_	_	_	7406	_	_	start_char=41707|end_char=41714
7408	was	_	_	_	_	7407	_	_	start_char=41715|end_char=41718
7409	the	_	_	_	_	7408	_	_	start_char=41719|end_char=41722
7410	soul	_	_	_	_	7409	_	_	start_char=41723|end_char=41727
7411	of	_	_	_	_	7410	_	_	start_char=41728|end_char=41730
7412	our	_	_	_	_	7411	_	_	start_char=41731|end_char=41734
7413	companionship,	_	_	_	_	7412	_	_	start_char=41735|end_char=41749
7414	and	_	_	_	_	7413	_	_	start_char=41750|end_char=41753
7415	the	_	_	_	_	7414	_	_	start_char=41754|end_char=41757
7416	diversity	_	_	_	_	7415	_	_	start_char=41758|end_char=41767
7417	and	_	_	_	_	7416	_	_	start_char=41768|end_char=41771
7418	contrast	_	_	_	_	7417	_	_	start_char=41772|end_char=41780
7419	that	_	_	_	_	7418	_	_	start_char=41781|end_char=41785
7420	subsisted	_	_	_	_	7419	_	_	start_char=41786|end_char=41795
7421	in	_	_	_	_	7420	_	_	start_char=41796|end_char=41798
7422	our	_	_	_	_	7421	_	_	start_char=41799|end_char=41802
7423	characters	_	_	_	_	7422	_	_	start_char=41803|end_char=41813
7424	drew	_	_	_	_	7423	_	_	start_char=41814|end_char=41818
7425	us	_	_	_	_	7424	_	_	start_char=41819|end_char=41821
7426	nearer	_	_	_	_	7425	_	_	start_char=41822|end_char=41828
7427	together.	_	_	_	_	7426	_	_	start_char=41829|end_char=41838
7428	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	7427	_	_	start_char=41839|end_char=41848
7429	was	_	_	_	_	7428	_	_	start_char=41849|end_char=41852
7430	of	_	_	_	_	7429	_	_	start_char=41853|end_char=41855
7431	a	_	_	_	_	7430	_	_	start_char=41856|end_char=41857
7432	calmer	_	_	_	_	7431	_	_	start_char=41858|end_char=41864
7433	and	_	_	_	_	7432	_	_	start_char=41865|end_char=41868
7434	more	_	_	_	_	7433	_	_	start_char=41869|end_char=41873
7435	concentrated	_	_	_	_	7434	_	_	start_char=41874|end_char=41886
7436	disposition;	_	_	_	_	7435	_	_	start_char=41887|end_char=41899
7437	but,	_	_	_	_	7436	_	_	start_char=41900|end_char=41904
7438	with	_	_	_	_	7437	_	_	start_char=41905|end_char=41909
7439	all	_	_	_	_	7438	_	_	start_char=41910|end_char=41913
7440	my	_	_	_	_	7439	_	_	start_char=41914|end_char=41916
7441	ardour,	_	_	_	_	7440	_	_	start_char=41917|end_char=41924
7442	I	_	_	_	_	7441	_	_	start_char=41925|end_char=41926
7443	was	_	_	_	_	7442	_	_	start_char=41927|end_char=41930
7444	capable	_	_	_	_	7443	_	_	start_char=41931|end_char=41938
7445	of	_	_	_	_	7444	_	_	start_char=41939|end_char=41941
7446	a	_	_	_	_	7445	_	_	start_char=41942|end_char=41943
7447	more	_	_	_	_	7446	_	_	start_char=41944|end_char=41948
7448	intense	_	_	_	_	7447	_	_	start_char=41949|end_char=41956
7449	application	_	_	_	_	7448	_	_	start_char=41957|end_char=41968
7450	and	_	_	_	_	7449	_	_	start_char=41969|end_char=41972
7451	was	_	_	_	_	7450	_	_	start_char=41973|end_char=41976
7452	more	_	_	_	_	7451	_	_	start_char=41977|end_char=41981
7453	deeply	_	_	_	_	7452	_	_	start_char=41982|end_char=41988
7454	smitten	_	_	_	_	7453	_	_	start_char=41989|end_char=41996
7455	with	_	_	_	_	7454	_	_	start_char=41997|end_char=42001
7456	the	_	_	_	_	7455	_	_	start_char=42002|end_char=42005
7457	thirst	_	_	_	_	7456	_	_	start_char=42006|end_char=42012
7458	for	_	_	_	_	7457	_	_	start_char=42013|end_char=42016
7459	knowledge.	_	_	_	_	7458	_	_	start_char=42017|end_char=42027
7460	She	_	_	_	_	7459	_	_	start_char=42028|end_char=42031
7461	busied	_	_	_	_	7460	_	_	start_char=42032|end_char=42038
7462	herself	_	_	_	_	7461	_	_	start_char=42039|end_char=42046
7463	with	_	_	_	_	7462	_	_	start_char=42047|end_char=42051
7464	following	_	_	_	_	7463	_	_	start_char=42052|end_char=42061
7465	the	_	_	_	_	7464	_	_	start_char=42062|end_char=42065
7466	aerial	_	_	_	_	7465	_	_	start_char=42066|end_char=42072
7467	creations	_	_	_	_	7466	_	_	start_char=42073|end_char=42082
7468	of	_	_	_	_	7467	_	_	start_char=42083|end_char=42085
7469	the	_	_	_	_	7468	_	_	start_char=42086|end_char=42089
7470	poets;	_	_	_	_	7469	_	_	start_char=42090|end_char=42096
7471	and	_	_	_	_	7470	_	_	start_char=42097|end_char=42100
7472	in	_	_	_	_	7471	_	_	start_char=42101|end_char=42103
7473	the	_	_	_	_	7472	_	_	start_char=42104|end_char=42107
7474	majestic	_	_	_	_	7473	_	_	start_char=42108|end_char=42116
7475	and	_	_	_	_	7474	_	_	start_char=42117|end_char=42120
7476	wondrous	_	_	_	_	7475	_	_	start_char=42121|end_char=42129
7477	scenes	_	_	_	_	7476	_	_	start_char=42130|end_char=42136
7478	which	_	_	_	_	7477	_	_	start_char=42137|end_char=42142
7479	surrounded	_	_	_	_	7478	_	_	start_char=42143|end_char=42153
7480	our	_	_	_	_	7479	_	_	start_char=42154|end_char=42157
7481	Swiss	_	_	_	_	7480	_	_	start_char=42158|end_char=42163
7482	home	_	_	_	_	7481	_	_	start_char=42164|end_char=42168
7483	—the	_	_	_	_	7482	_	_	start_char=42169|end_char=42173
7484	sublime	_	_	_	_	7483	_	_	start_char=42174|end_char=42181
7485	shapes	_	_	_	_	7484	_	_	start_char=42182|end_char=42188
7486	of	_	_	_	_	7485	_	_	start_char=42189|end_char=42191
7487	the	_	_	_	_	7486	_	_	start_char=42192|end_char=42195
7488	mountains,	_	_	_	_	7487	_	_	start_char=42196|end_char=42206
7489	the	_	_	_	_	7488	_	_	start_char=42207|end_char=42210
7490	changes	_	_	_	_	7489	_	_	start_char=42211|end_char=42218
7491	of	_	_	_	_	7490	_	_	start_char=42219|end_char=42221
7492	the	_	_	_	_	7491	_	_	start_char=42222|end_char=42225
7493	seasons,	_	_	_	_	7492	_	_	start_char=42226|end_char=42234
7494	tempest	_	_	_	_	7493	_	_	start_char=42235|end_char=42242
7495	and	_	_	_	_	7494	_	_	start_char=42243|end_char=42246
7496	calm,	_	_	_	_	7495	_	_	start_char=42247|end_char=42252
7497	the	_	_	_	_	7496	_	_	start_char=42253|end_char=42256
7498	silence	_	_	_	_	7497	_	_	start_char=42257|end_char=42264
7499	of	_	_	_	_	7498	_	_	start_char=42265|end_char=42267
7500	winter,	_	_	_	_	7499	_	_	start_char=42268|end_char=42275
7501	and	_	_	_	_	7500	_	_	start_char=42276|end_char=42279
7502	the	_	_	_	_	7501	_	_	start_char=42280|end_char=42283
7503	life	_	_	_	_	7502	_	_	start_char=42284|end_char=42288
7504	and	_	_	_	_	7503	_	_	start_char=42289|end_char=42292
7505	turbulence	_	_	_	_	7504	_	_	start_char=42293|end_char=42303
7506	of	_	_	_	_	7505	_	_	start_char=42304|end_char=42306
7507	our	_	_	_	_	7506	_	_	start_char=42307|end_char=42310
7508	Alpine	_	_	_	_	7507	_	_	start_char=42311|end_char=42317
7509	summers—she	_	_	_	_	7508	_	_	start_char=42318|end_char=42329
7510	found	_	_	_	_	7509	_	_	start_char=42330|end_char=42335
7511	ample	_	_	_	_	7510	_	_	start_char=42336|end_char=42341
7512	scope	_	_	_	_	7511	_	_	start_char=42342|end_char=42347
7513	for	_	_	_	_	7512	_	_	start_char=42348|end_char=42351
7514	admiration	_	_	_	_	7513	_	_	start_char=42352|end_char=42362
7515	and	_	_	_	_	7514	_	_	start_char=42363|end_char=42366
7516	delight.	_	_	_	_	7515	_	_	start_char=42367|end_char=42375
7517	While	_	_	_	_	7516	_	_	start_char=42376|end_char=42381
7518	my	_	_	_	_	7517	_	_	start_char=42382|end_char=42384
7519	companion	_	_	_	_	7518	_	_	start_char=42385|end_char=42394
7520	contemplated	_	_	_	_	7519	_	_	start_char=42395|end_char=42407
7521	with	_	_	_	_	7520	_	_	start_char=42408|end_char=42412
7522	a	_	_	_	_	7521	_	_	start_char=42413|end_char=42414
7523	serious	_	_	_	_	7522	_	_	start_char=42415|end_char=42422
7524	and	_	_	_	_	7523	_	_	start_char=42423|end_char=42426
7525	satisfied	_	_	_	_	7524	_	_	start_char=42427|end_char=42436
7526	spirit	_	_	_	_	7525	_	_	start_char=42437|end_char=42443
7527	the	_	_	_	_	7526	_	_	start_char=42444|end_char=42447
7528	magnificent	_	_	_	_	7527	_	_	start_char=42448|end_char=42459
7529	appearances	_	_	_	_	7528	_	_	start_char=42460|end_char=42471
7530	of	_	_	_	_	7529	_	_	start_char=42472|end_char=42474
7531	things,	_	_	_	_	7530	_	_	start_char=42475|end_char=42482
7532	I	_	_	_	_	7531	_	_	start_char=42483|end_char=42484
7533	delighted	_	_	_	_	7532	_	_	start_char=42485|end_char=42494
7534	in	_	_	_	_	7533	_	_	start_char=42495|end_char=42497
7535	investigating	_	_	_	_	7534	_	_	start_char=42498|end_char=42511
7536	their	_	_	_	_	7535	_	_	start_char=42512|end_char=42517
7537	causes.	_	_	_	_	7536	_	_	start_char=42518|end_char=42525
7538	The	_	_	_	_	7537	_	_	start_char=42526|end_char=42529
7539	world	_	_	_	_	7538	_	_	start_char=42530|end_char=42535
7540	was	_	_	_	_	7539	_	_	start_char=42536|end_char=42539
7541	to	_	_	_	_	7540	_	_	start_char=42540|end_char=42542
7542	me	_	_	_	_	7541	_	_	start_char=42543|end_char=42545
7543	a	_	_	_	_	7542	_	_	start_char=42546|end_char=42547
7544	secret	_	_	_	_	7543	_	_	start_char=42548|end_char=42554
7545	which	_	_	_	_	7544	_	_	start_char=42555|end_char=42560
7546	I	_	_	_	_	7545	_	_	start_char=42561|end_char=42562
7547	desired	_	_	_	_	7546	_	_	start_char=42563|end_char=42570
7548	to	_	_	_	_	7547	_	_	start_char=42571|end_char=42573
7549	divine.	_	_	_	_	7548	_	_	start_char=42574|end_char=42581
7550	Curiosity,	_	_	_	_	7549	_	_	start_char=42582|end_char=42592
7551	earnest	_	_	_	_	7550	_	_	start_char=42593|end_char=42600
7552	research	_	_	_	_	7551	_	_	start_char=42601|end_char=42609
7553	to	_	_	_	_	7552	_	_	start_char=42610|end_char=42612
7554	learn	_	_	_	_	7553	_	_	start_char=42613|end_char=42618
7555	the	_	_	_	_	7554	_	_	start_char=42619|end_char=42622
7556	hidden	_	_	_	_	7555	_	_	start_char=42623|end_char=42629
7557	laws	_	_	_	_	7556	_	_	start_char=42630|end_char=42634
7558	of	_	_	_	_	7557	_	_	start_char=42635|end_char=42637
7559	nature,	_	_	_	_	7558	_	_	start_char=42638|end_char=42645
7560	gladness	_	_	_	_	7559	_	_	start_char=42646|end_char=42654
7561	akin	_	_	_	_	7560	_	_	start_char=42655|end_char=42659
7562	to	_	_	_	_	7561	_	_	start_char=42660|end_char=42662
7563	rapture,	_	_	_	_	7562	_	_	start_char=42663|end_char=42671
7564	as	_	_	_	_	7563	_	_	start_char=42672|end_char=42674
7565	they	_	_	_	_	7564	_	_	start_char=42675|end_char=42679
7566	were	_	_	_	_	7565	_	_	start_char=42680|end_char=42684
7567	unfolded	_	_	_	_	7566	_	_	start_char=42685|end_char=42693
7568	to	_	_	_	_	7567	_	_	start_char=42694|end_char=42696
7569	me,	_	_	_	_	7568	_	_	start_char=42697|end_char=42700
7570	are	_	_	_	_	7569	_	_	start_char=42701|end_char=42704
7571	among	_	_	_	_	7570	_	_	start_char=42705|end_char=42710
7572	the	_	_	_	_	7571	_	_	start_char=42711|end_char=42714
7573	earliest	_	_	_	_	7572	_	_	start_char=42715|end_char=42723
7574	sensations	_	_	_	_	7573	_	_	start_char=42724|end_char=42734
7575	I	_	_	_	_	7574	_	_	start_char=42735|end_char=42736
7576	can	_	_	_	_	7575	_	_	start_char=42737|end_char=42740
7577	remember.	_	_	_	_	7576	_	_	start_char=42741|end_char=42750
7578	On	_	_	_	_	7577	_	_	start_char=42751|end_char=42753
7579	the	_	_	_	_	7578	_	_	start_char=42754|end_char=42757
7580	birth	_	_	_	_	7579	_	_	start_char=42758|end_char=42763
7581	of	_	_	_	_	7580	_	_	start_char=42764|end_char=42766
7582	a	_	_	_	_	7581	_	_	start_char=42767|end_char=42768
7583	second	_	_	_	_	7582	_	_	start_char=42769|end_char=42775
7584	son,	_	_	_	_	7583	_	_	start_char=42776|end_char=42780
7585	my	_	_	_	_	7584	_	_	start_char=42781|end_char=42783
7586	junior	_	_	_	_	7585	_	_	start_char=42784|end_char=42790
7587	by	_	_	_	_	7586	_	_	start_char=42791|end_char=42793
7588	seven	_	_	_	_	7587	_	_	start_char=42794|end_char=42799
7589	years,	_	_	_	_	7588	_	_	start_char=42800|end_char=42806
7590	my	_	_	_	_	7589	_	_	start_char=42807|end_char=42809
7591	parents	_	_	_	_	7590	_	_	start_char=42810|end_char=42817
7592	gave	_	_	_	_	7591	_	_	start_char=42818|end_char=42822
7593	up	_	_	_	_	7592	_	_	start_char=42823|end_char=42825
7594	entirely	_	_	_	_	7593	_	_	start_char=42826|end_char=42834
7595	their	_	_	_	_	7594	_	_	start_char=42835|end_char=42840
7596	wandering	_	_	_	_	7595	_	_	start_char=42841|end_char=42850
7597	life	_	_	_	_	7596	_	_	start_char=42851|end_char=42855
7598	and	_	_	_	_	7597	_	_	start_char=42856|end_char=42859
7599	fixed	_	_	_	_	7598	_	_	start_char=42860|end_char=42865
7600	themselves	_	_	_	_	7599	_	_	start_char=42866|end_char=42876
7601	in	_	_	_	_	7600	_	_	start_char=42877|end_char=42879
7602	their	_	_	_	_	7601	_	_	start_char=42880|end_char=42885
7603	native	_	_	_	_	7602	_	_	start_char=42886|end_char=42892
7604	country.	_	_	_	_	7603	_	_	start_char=42893|end_char=42901
7605	We	_	_	_	_	7604	_	_	start_char=42902|end_char=42904
7606	possessed	_	_	_	_	7605	_	_	start_char=42905|end_char=42914
7607	a	_	_	_	_	7606	_	_	start_char=42915|end_char=42916
7608	house	_	_	_	_	7607	_	_	start_char=42917|end_char=42922
7609	in	_	_	_	_	7608	_	_	start_char=42923|end_char=42925
7610	Geneva,	_	_	_	_	7609	_	_	start_char=42926|end_char=42933
7611	and	_	_	_	_	7610	_	_	start_char=42934|end_char=42937
7612	a	_	_	_	_	7611	_	_	start_char=42938|end_char=42939
7613	_campagne_	_	_	_	_	7612	_	_	start_char=42940|end_char=42950
7614	on	_	_	_	_	7613	_	_	start_char=42951|end_char=42953
7615	Belrive,	_	_	_	_	7614	_	_	start_char=42954|end_char=42962
7616	the	_	_	_	_	7615	_	_	start_char=42963|end_char=42966
7617	eastern	_	_	_	_	7616	_	_	start_char=42967|end_char=42974
7618	shore	_	_	_	_	7617	_	_	start_char=42975|end_char=42980
7619	of	_	_	_	_	7618	_	_	start_char=42981|end_char=42983
7620	the	_	_	_	_	7619	_	_	start_char=42984|end_char=42987
7621	lake,	_	_	_	_	7620	_	_	start_char=42988|end_char=42993
7622	at	_	_	_	_	7621	_	_	start_char=42994|end_char=42996
7623	the	_	_	_	_	7622	_	_	start_char=42997|end_char=43000
7624	distance	_	_	_	_	7623	_	_	start_char=43001|end_char=43009
7625	of	_	_	_	_	7624	_	_	start_char=43010|end_char=43012
7626	rather	_	_	_	_	7625	_	_	start_char=43013|end_char=43019
7627	more	_	_	_	_	7626	_	_	start_char=43020|end_char=43024
7628	than	_	_	_	_	7627	_	_	start_char=43025|end_char=43029
7629	a	_	_	_	_	7628	_	_	start_char=43030|end_char=43031
7630	league	_	_	_	_	7629	_	_	start_char=43032|end_char=43038
7631	from	_	_	_	_	7630	_	_	start_char=43039|end_char=43043
7632	the	_	_	_	_	7631	_	_	start_char=43044|end_char=43047
7633	city.	_	_	_	_	7632	_	_	start_char=43048|end_char=43053
7634	We	_	_	_	_	7633	_	_	start_char=43054|end_char=43056
7635	resided	_	_	_	_	7634	_	_	start_char=43057|end_char=43064
7636	principally	_	_	_	_	7635	_	_	start_char=43065|end_char=43076
7637	in	_	_	_	_	7636	_	_	start_char=43077|end_char=43079
7638	the	_	_	_	_	7637	_	_	start_char=43080|end_char=43083
7639	latter,	_	_	_	_	7638	_	_	start_char=43084|end_char=43091
7640	and	_	_	_	_	7639	_	_	start_char=43092|end_char=43095
7641	the	_	_	_	_	7640	_	_	start_char=43096|end_char=43099
7642	lives	_	_	_	_	7641	_	_	start_char=43100|end_char=43105
7643	of	_	_	_	_	7642	_	_	start_char=43106|end_char=43108
7644	my	_	_	_	_	7643	_	_	start_char=43109|end_char=43111
7645	parents	_	_	_	_	7644	_	_	start_char=43112|end_char=43119
7646	were	_	_	_	_	7645	_	_	start_char=43120|end_char=43124
7647	passed	_	_	_	_	7646	_	_	start_char=43125|end_char=43131
7648	in	_	_	_	_	7647	_	_	start_char=43132|end_char=43134
7649	considerable	_	_	_	_	7648	_	_	start_char=43135|end_char=43147
7650	seclusion.	_	_	_	_	7649	_	_	start_char=43148|end_char=43158
7651	It	_	_	_	_	7650	_	_	start_char=43159|end_char=43161
7652	was	_	_	_	_	7651	_	_	start_char=43162|end_char=43165
7653	my	_	_	_	_	7652	_	_	start_char=43166|end_char=43168
7654	temper	_	_	_	_	7653	_	_	start_char=43169|end_char=43175
7655	to	_	_	_	_	7654	_	_	start_char=43176|end_char=43178
7656	avoid	_	_	_	_	7655	_	_	start_char=43179|end_char=43184
7657	a	_	_	_	_	7656	_	_	start_char=43185|end_char=43186
7658	crowd	_	_	_	_	7657	_	_	start_char=43187|end_char=43192
7659	and	_	_	_	_	7658	_	_	start_char=43193|end_char=43196
7660	to	_	_	_	_	7659	_	_	start_char=43197|end_char=43199
7661	attach	_	_	_	_	7660	_	_	start_char=43200|end_char=43206
7662	myself	_	_	_	_	7661	_	_	start_char=43207|end_char=43213
7663	fervently	_	_	_	_	7662	_	_	start_char=43214|end_char=43223
7664	to	_	_	_	_	7663	_	_	start_char=43224|end_char=43226
7665	a	_	_	_	_	7664	_	_	start_char=43227|end_char=43228
7666	few.	_	_	_	_	7665	_	_	start_char=43229|end_char=43233
7667	I	_	_	_	_	7666	_	_	start_char=43234|end_char=43235
7668	was	_	_	_	_	7667	_	_	start_char=43236|end_char=43239
7669	indifferent,	_	_	_	_	7668	_	_	start_char=43240|end_char=43252
7670	therefore,	_	_	_	_	7669	_	_	start_char=43253|end_char=43263
7671	to	_	_	_	_	7670	_	_	start_char=43264|end_char=43266
7672	my	_	_	_	_	7671	_	_	start_char=43267|end_char=43269
7673	school-fellows	_	_	_	_	7672	_	_	start_char=43270|end_char=43284
7674	in	_	_	_	_	7673	_	_	start_char=43285|end_char=43287
7675	general;	_	_	_	_	7674	_	_	start_char=43288|end_char=43296
7676	but	_	_	_	_	7675	_	_	start_char=43297|end_char=43300
7677	I	_	_	_	_	7676	_	_	start_char=43301|end_char=43302
7678	united	_	_	_	_	7677	_	_	start_char=43303|end_char=43309
7679	myself	_	_	_	_	7678	_	_	start_char=43310|end_char=43316
7680	in	_	_	_	_	7679	_	_	start_char=43317|end_char=43319
7681	the	_	_	_	_	7680	_	_	start_char=43320|end_char=43323
7682	bonds	_	_	_	_	7681	_	_	start_char=43324|end_char=43329
7683	of	_	_	_	_	7682	_	_	start_char=43330|end_char=43332
7684	the	_	_	_	_	7683	_	_	start_char=43333|end_char=43336
7685	closest	_	_	_	_	7684	_	_	start_char=43337|end_char=43344
7686	friendship	_	_	_	_	7685	_	_	start_char=43345|end_char=43355
7687	to	_	_	_	_	7686	_	_	start_char=43356|end_char=43358
7688	one	_	_	_	_	7687	_	_	start_char=43359|end_char=43362
7689	among	_	_	_	_	7688	_	_	start_char=43363|end_char=43368
7690	them.	_	_	_	_	7689	_	_	start_char=43369|end_char=43374
7691	Henry	_	_	_	_	7690	_	_	start_char=43375|end_char=43380
7692	Clerval	_	_	_	_	7691	_	_	start_char=43381|end_char=43388
7693	was	_	_	_	_	7692	_	_	start_char=43389|end_char=43392
7694	the	_	_	_	_	7693	_	_	start_char=43393|end_char=43396
7695	son	_	_	_	_	7694	_	_	start_char=43397|end_char=43400
7696	of	_	_	_	_	7695	_	_	start_char=43401|end_char=43403
7697	a	_	_	_	_	7696	_	_	start_char=43404|end_char=43405
7698	merchant	_	_	_	_	7697	_	_	start_char=43406|end_char=43414
7699	of	_	_	_	_	7698	_	_	start_char=43415|end_char=43417
7700	Geneva.	_	_	_	_	7699	_	_	start_char=43418|end_char=43425
7701	He	_	_	_	_	7700	_	_	start_char=43426|end_char=43428
7702	was	_	_	_	_	7701	_	_	start_char=43429|end_char=43432
7703	a	_	_	_	_	7702	_	_	start_char=43433|end_char=43434
7704	boy	_	_	_	_	7703	_	_	start_char=43435|end_char=43438
7705	of	_	_	_	_	7704	_	_	start_char=43439|end_char=43441
7706	singular	_	_	_	_	7705	_	_	start_char=43442|end_char=43450
7707	talent	_	_	_	_	7706	_	_	start_char=43451|end_char=43457
7708	and	_	_	_	_	7707	_	_	start_char=43458|end_char=43461
7709	fancy.	_	_	_	_	7708	_	_	start_char=43462|end_char=43468
7710	He	_	_	_	_	7709	_	_	start_char=43469|end_char=43471
7711	loved	_	_	_	_	7710	_	_	start_char=43472|end_char=43477
7712	enterprise,	_	_	_	_	7711	_	_	start_char=43478|end_char=43489
7713	hardship,	_	_	_	_	7712	_	_	start_char=43490|end_char=43499
7714	and	_	_	_	_	7713	_	_	start_char=43500|end_char=43503
7715	even	_	_	_	_	7714	_	_	start_char=43504|end_char=43508
7716	danger	_	_	_	_	7715	_	_	start_char=43509|end_char=43515
7717	for	_	_	_	_	7716	_	_	start_char=43516|end_char=43519
7718	its	_	_	_	_	7717	_	_	start_char=43520|end_char=43523
7719	own	_	_	_	_	7718	_	_	start_char=43524|end_char=43527
7720	sake.	_	_	_	_	7719	_	_	start_char=43528|end_char=43533
7721	He	_	_	_	_	7720	_	_	start_char=43534|end_char=43536
7722	was	_	_	_	_	7721	_	_	start_char=43537|end_char=43540
7723	deeply	_	_	_	_	7722	_	_	start_char=43541|end_char=43547
7724	read	_	_	_	_	7723	_	_	start_char=43548|end_char=43552
7725	in	_	_	_	_	7724	_	_	start_char=43553|end_char=43555
7726	books	_	_	_	_	7725	_	_	start_char=43556|end_char=43561
7727	of	_	_	_	_	7726	_	_	start_char=43562|end_char=43564
7728	chivalry	_	_	_	_	7727	_	_	start_char=43565|end_char=43573
7729	and	_	_	_	_	7728	_	_	start_char=43574|end_char=43577
7730	romance.	_	_	_	_	7729	_	_	start_char=43578|end_char=43586
7731	He	_	_	_	_	7730	_	_	start_char=43587|end_char=43589
7732	composed	_	_	_	_	7731	_	_	start_char=43590|end_char=43598
7733	heroic	_	_	_	_	7732	_	_	start_char=43599|end_char=43605
7734	songs	_	_	_	_	7733	_	_	start_char=43606|end_char=43611
7735	and	_	_	_	_	7734	_	_	start_char=43612|end_char=43615
7736	began	_	_	_	_	7735	_	_	start_char=43616|end_char=43621
7737	to	_	_	_	_	7736	_	_	start_char=43622|end_char=43624
7738	write	_	_	_	_	7737	_	_	start_char=43625|end_char=43630
7739	many	_	_	_	_	7738	_	_	start_char=43631|end_char=43635
7740	a	_	_	_	_	7739	_	_	start_char=43636|end_char=43637
7741	tale	_	_	_	_	7740	_	_	start_char=43638|end_char=43642
7742	of	_	_	_	_	7741	_	_	start_char=43643|end_char=43645
7743	enchantment	_	_	_	_	7742	_	_	start_char=43646|end_char=43657
7744	and	_	_	_	_	7743	_	_	start_char=43658|end_char=43661
7745	knightly	_	_	_	_	7744	_	_	start_char=43662|end_char=43670
7746	adventure.	_	_	_	_	7745	_	_	start_char=43671|end_char=43681
7747	He	_	_	_	_	7746	_	_	start_char=43682|end_char=43684
7748	tried	_	_	_	_	7747	_	_	start_char=43685|end_char=43690
7749	to	_	_	_	_	7748	_	_	start_char=43691|end_char=43693
7750	make	_	_	_	_	7749	_	_	start_char=43694|end_char=43698
7751	us	_	_	_	_	7750	_	_	start_char=43699|end_char=43701
7752	act	_	_	_	_	7751	_	_	start_char=43702|end_char=43705
7753	plays	_	_	_	_	7752	_	_	start_char=43706|end_char=43711
7754	and	_	_	_	_	7753	_	_	start_char=43712|end_char=43715
7755	to	_	_	_	_	7754	_	_	start_char=43716|end_char=43718
7756	enter	_	_	_	_	7755	_	_	start_char=43719|end_char=43724
7757	into	_	_	_	_	7756	_	_	start_char=43725|end_char=43729
7758	masquerades,	_	_	_	_	7757	_	_	start_char=43730|end_char=43742
7759	in	_	_	_	_	7758	_	_	start_char=43743|end_char=43745
7760	which	_	_	_	_	7759	_	_	start_char=43746|end_char=43751
7761	the	_	_	_	_	7760	_	_	start_char=43752|end_char=43755
7762	characters	_	_	_	_	7761	_	_	start_char=43756|end_char=43766
7763	were	_	_	_	_	7762	_	_	start_char=43767|end_char=43771
7764	drawn	_	_	_	_	7763	_	_	start_char=43772|end_char=43777
7765	from	_	_	_	_	7764	_	_	start_char=43778|end_char=43782
7766	the	_	_	_	_	7765	_	_	start_char=43783|end_char=43786
7767	heroes	_	_	_	_	7766	_	_	start_char=43787|end_char=43793
7768	of	_	_	_	_	7767	_	_	start_char=43794|end_char=43796
7769	Roncesvalles,	_	_	_	_	7768	_	_	start_char=43797|end_char=43810
7770	of	_	_	_	_	7769	_	_	start_char=43811|end_char=43813
7771	the	_	_	_	_	7770	_	_	start_char=43814|end_char=43817
7772	Round	_	_	_	_	7771	_	_	start_char=43818|end_char=43823
7773	Table	_	_	_	_	7772	_	_	start_char=43824|end_char=43829
7774	of	_	_	_	_	7773	_	_	start_char=43830|end_char=43832
7775	King	_	_	_	_	7774	_	_	start_char=43833|end_char=43837
7776	Arthur,	_	_	_	_	7775	_	_	start_char=43838|end_char=43845
7777	and	_	_	_	_	7776	_	_	start_char=43846|end_char=43849
7778	the	_	_	_	_	7777	_	_	start_char=43850|end_char=43853
7779	chivalrous	_	_	_	_	7778	_	_	start_char=43854|end_char=43864
7780	train	_	_	_	_	7779	_	_	start_char=43865|end_char=43870
7781	who	_	_	_	_	7780	_	_	start_char=43871|end_char=43874
7782	shed	_	_	_	_	7781	_	_	start_char=43875|end_char=43879
7783	their	_	_	_	_	7782	_	_	start_char=43880|end_char=43885
7784	blood	_	_	_	_	7783	_	_	start_char=43886|end_char=43891
7785	to	_	_	_	_	7784	_	_	start_char=43892|end_char=43894
7786	redeem	_	_	_	_	7785	_	_	start_char=43895|end_char=43901
7787	the	_	_	_	_	7786	_	_	start_char=43902|end_char=43905
7788	holy	_	_	_	_	7787	_	_	start_char=43906|end_char=43910
7789	sepulchre	_	_	_	_	7788	_	_	start_char=43911|end_char=43920
7790	from	_	_	_	_	7789	_	_	start_char=43921|end_char=43925
7791	the	_	_	_	_	7790	_	_	start_char=43926|end_char=43929
7792	hands	_	_	_	_	7791	_	_	start_char=43930|end_char=43935
7793	of	_	_	_	_	7792	_	_	start_char=43936|end_char=43938
7794	the	_	_	_	_	7793	_	_	start_char=43939|end_char=43942
7795	infidels.	_	_	_	_	7794	_	_	start_char=43943|end_char=43952
7796	No	_	_	_	_	7795	_	_	start_char=43953|end_char=43955
7797	human	_	_	_	_	7796	_	_	start_char=43956|end_char=43961
7798	being	_	_	_	_	7797	_	_	start_char=43962|end_char=43967
7799	could	_	_	_	_	7798	_	_	start_char=43968|end_char=43973
7800	have	_	_	_	_	7799	_	_	start_char=43974|end_char=43978
7801	passed	_	_	_	_	7800	_	_	start_char=43979|end_char=43985
7802	a	_	_	_	_	7801	_	_	start_char=43986|end_char=43987
7803	happier	_	_	_	_	7802	_	_	start_char=43988|end_char=43995
7804	childhood	_	_	_	_	7803	_	_	start_char=43996|end_char=44005
7805	than	_	_	_	_	7804	_	_	start_char=44006|end_char=44010
7806	myself.	_	_	_	_	7805	_	_	start_char=44011|end_char=44018
7807	My	_	_	_	_	7806	_	_	start_char=44019|end_char=44021
7808	parents	_	_	_	_	7807	_	_	start_char=44022|end_char=44029
7809	were	_	_	_	_	7808	_	_	start_char=44030|end_char=44034
7810	possessed	_	_	_	_	7809	_	_	start_char=44035|end_char=44044
7811	by	_	_	_	_	7810	_	_	start_char=44045|end_char=44047
7812	the	_	_	_	_	7811	_	_	start_char=44048|end_char=44051
7813	very	_	_	_	_	7812	_	_	start_char=44052|end_char=44056
7814	spirit	_	_	_	_	7813	_	_	start_char=44057|end_char=44063
7815	of	_	_	_	_	7814	_	_	start_char=44064|end_char=44066
7816	kindness	_	_	_	_	7815	_	_	start_char=44067|end_char=44075
7817	and	_	_	_	_	7816	_	_	start_char=44076|end_char=44079
7818	indulgence.	_	_	_	_	7817	_	_	start_char=44080|end_char=44091
7819	We	_	_	_	_	7818	_	_	start_char=44092|end_char=44094
7820	felt	_	_	_	_	7819	_	_	start_char=44095|end_char=44099
7821	that	_	_	_	_	7820	_	_	start_char=44100|end_char=44104
7822	they	_	_	_	_	7821	_	_	start_char=44105|end_char=44109
7823	were	_	_	_	_	7822	_	_	start_char=44110|end_char=44114
7824	not	_	_	_	_	7823	_	_	start_char=44115|end_char=44118
7825	the	_	_	_	_	7824	_	_	start_char=44119|end_char=44122
7826	tyrants	_	_	_	_	7825	_	_	start_char=44123|end_char=44130
7827	to	_	_	_	_	7826	_	_	start_char=44131|end_char=44133
7828	rule	_	_	_	_	7827	_	_	start_char=44134|end_char=44138
7829	our	_	_	_	_	7828	_	_	start_char=44139|end_char=44142
7830	lot	_	_	_	_	7829	_	_	start_char=44143|end_char=44146
7831	according	_	_	_	_	7830	_	_	start_char=44147|end_char=44156
7832	to	_	_	_	_	7831	_	_	start_char=44157|end_char=44159
7833	their	_	_	_	_	7832	_	_	start_char=44160|end_char=44165
7834	caprice,	_	_	_	_	7833	_	_	start_char=44166|end_char=44174
7835	but	_	_	_	_	7834	_	_	start_char=44175|end_char=44178
7836	the	_	_	_	_	7835	_	_	start_char=44179|end_char=44182
7837	agents	_	_	_	_	7836	_	_	start_char=44183|end_char=44189
7838	and	_	_	_	_	7837	_	_	start_char=44190|end_char=44193
7839	creators	_	_	_	_	7838	_	_	start_char=44194|end_char=44202
7840	of	_	_	_	_	7839	_	_	start_char=44203|end_char=44205
7841	all	_	_	_	_	7840	_	_	start_char=44206|end_char=44209
7842	the	_	_	_	_	7841	_	_	start_char=44210|end_char=44213
7843	many	_	_	_	_	7842	_	_	start_char=44214|end_char=44218
7844	delights	_	_	_	_	7843	_	_	start_char=44219|end_char=44227
7845	which	_	_	_	_	7844	_	_	start_char=44228|end_char=44233
7846	we	_	_	_	_	7845	_	_	start_char=44234|end_char=44236
7847	enjoyed.	_	_	_	_	7846	_	_	start_char=44237|end_char=44245
7848	When	_	_	_	_	7847	_	_	start_char=44246|end_char=44250
7849	I	_	_	_	_	7848	_	_	start_char=44251|end_char=44252
7850	mingled	_	_	_	_	7849	_	_	start_char=44253|end_char=44260
7851	with	_	_	_	_	7850	_	_	start_char=44261|end_char=44265
7852	other	_	_	_	_	7851	_	_	start_char=44266|end_char=44271
7853	families	_	_	_	_	7852	_	_	start_char=44272|end_char=44280
7854	I	_	_	_	_	7853	_	_	start_char=44281|end_char=44282
7855	distinctly	_	_	_	_	7854	_	_	start_char=44283|end_char=44293
7856	discerned	_	_	_	_	7855	_	_	start_char=44294|end_char=44303
7857	how	_	_	_	_	7856	_	_	start_char=44304|end_char=44307
7858	peculiarly	_	_	_	_	7857	_	_	start_char=44308|end_char=44318
7859	fortunate	_	_	_	_	7858	_	_	start_char=44319|end_char=44328
7860	my	_	_	_	_	7859	_	_	start_char=44329|end_char=44331
7861	lot	_	_	_	_	7860	_	_	start_char=44332|end_char=44335
7862	was,	_	_	_	_	7861	_	_	start_char=44336|end_char=44340
7863	and	_	_	_	_	7862	_	_	start_char=44341|end_char=44344
7864	gratitude	_	_	_	_	7863	_	_	start_char=44345|end_char=44354
7865	assisted	_	_	_	_	7864	_	_	start_char=44355|end_char=44363
7866	the	_	_	_	_	7865	_	_	start_char=44364|end_char=44367
7867	development	_	_	_	_	7866	_	_	start_char=44368|end_char=44379
7868	of	_	_	_	_	7867	_	_	start_char=44380|end_char=44382
7869	filial	_	_	_	_	7868	_	_	start_char=44383|end_char=44389
7870	love.	_	_	_	_	7869	_	_	start_char=44390|end_char=44395
7871	My	_	_	_	_	7870	_	_	start_char=44396|end_char=44398
7872	temper	_	_	_	_	7871	_	_	start_char=44399|end_char=44405
7873	was	_	_	_	_	7872	_	_	start_char=44406|end_char=44409
7874	sometimes	_	_	_	_	7873	_	_	start_char=44410|end_char=44419
7875	violent,	_	_	_	_	7874	_	_	start_char=44420|end_char=44428
7876	and	_	_	_	_	7875	_	_	start_char=44429|end_char=44432
7877	my	_	_	_	_	7876	_	_	start_char=44433|end_char=44435
7878	passions	_	_	_	_	7877	_	_	start_char=44436|end_char=44444
7879	vehement;	_	_	_	_	7878	_	_	start_char=44445|end_char=44454
7880	but	_	_	_	_	7879	_	_	start_char=44455|end_char=44458
7881	by	_	_	_	_	7880	_	_	start_char=44459|end_char=44461
7882	some	_	_	_	_	7881	_	_	start_char=44462|end_char=44466
7883	law	_	_	_	_	7882	_	_	start_char=44467|end_char=44470
7884	in	_	_	_	_	7883	_	_	start_char=44471|end_char=44473
7885	my	_	_	_	_	7884	_	_	start_char=44474|end_char=44476
7886	temperature	_	_	_	_	7885	_	_	start_char=44477|end_char=44488
7887	they	_	_	_	_	7886	_	_	start_char=44489|end_char=44493
7888	were	_	_	_	_	7887	_	_	start_char=44494|end_char=44498
7889	turned	_	_	_	_	7888	_	_	start_char=44499|end_char=44505
7890	not	_	_	_	_	7889	_	_	start_char=44506|end_char=44509
7891	towards	_	_	_	_	7890	_	_	start_char=44510|end_char=44517
7892	childish	_	_	_	_	7891	_	_	start_char=44518|end_char=44526
7893	pursuits	_	_	_	_	7892	_	_	start_char=44527|end_char=44535
7894	but	_	_	_	_	7893	_	_	start_char=44536|end_char=44539
7895	to	_	_	_	_	7894	_	_	start_char=44540|end_char=44542
7896	an	_	_	_	_	7895	_	_	start_char=44543|end_char=44545
7897	eager	_	_	_	_	7896	_	_	start_char=44546|end_char=44551
7898	desire	_	_	_	_	7897	_	_	start_char=44552|end_char=44558
7899	to	_	_	_	_	7898	_	_	start_char=44559|end_char=44561
7900	learn,	_	_	_	_	7899	_	_	start_char=44562|end_char=44568
7901	and	_	_	_	_	7900	_	_	start_char=44569|end_char=44572
7902	not	_	_	_	_	7901	_	_	start_char=44573|end_char=44576
7903	to	_	_	_	_	7902	_	_	start_char=44577|end_char=44579
7904	learn	_	_	_	_	7903	_	_	start_char=44580|end_char=44585
7905	all	_	_	_	_	7904	_	_	start_char=44586|end_char=44589
7906	things	_	_	_	_	7905	_	_	start_char=44590|end_char=44596
7907	indiscriminately.	_	_	_	_	7906	_	_	start_char=44597|end_char=44614
7908	I	_	_	_	_	7907	_	_	start_char=44615|end_char=44616
7909	confess	_	_	_	_	7908	_	_	start_char=44617|end_char=44624
7910	that	_	_	_	_	7909	_	_	start_char=44625|end_char=44629
7911	neither	_	_	_	_	7910	_	_	start_char=44630|end_char=44637
7912	the	_	_	_	_	7911	_	_	start_char=44638|end_char=44641
7913	structure	_	_	_	_	7912	_	_	start_char=44642|end_char=44651
7914	of	_	_	_	_	7913	_	_	start_char=44652|end_char=44654
7915	languages,	_	_	_	_	7914	_	_	start_char=44655|end_char=44665
7916	nor	_	_	_	_	7915	_	_	start_char=44666|end_char=44669
7917	the	_	_	_	_	7916	_	_	start_char=44670|end_char=44673
7918	code	_	_	_	_	7917	_	_	start_char=44674|end_char=44678
7919	of	_	_	_	_	7918	_	_	start_char=44679|end_char=44681
7920	governments,	_	_	_	_	7919	_	_	start_char=44682|end_char=44694
7921	nor	_	_	_	_	7920	_	_	start_char=44695|end_char=44698
7922	the	_	_	_	_	7921	_	_	start_char=44699|end_char=44702
7923	politics	_	_	_	_	7922	_	_	start_char=44703|end_char=44711
7924	of	_	_	_	_	7923	_	_	start_char=44712|end_char=44714
7925	various	_	_	_	_	7924	_	_	start_char=44715|end_char=44722
7926	states	_	_	_	_	7925	_	_	start_char=44723|end_char=44729
7927	possessed	_	_	_	_	7926	_	_	start_char=44730|end_char=44739
7928	attractions	_	_	_	_	7927	_	_	start_char=44740|end_char=44751
7929	for	_	_	_	_	7928	_	_	start_char=44752|end_char=44755
7930	me.	_	_	_	_	7929	_	_	start_char=44756|end_char=44759
7931	It	_	_	_	_	7930	_	_	start_char=44760|end_char=44762
7932	was	_	_	_	_	7931	_	_	start_char=44763|end_char=44766
7933	the	_	_	_	_	7932	_	_	start_char=44767|end_char=44770
7934	secrets	_	_	_	_	7933	_	_	start_char=44771|end_char=44778
7935	of	_	_	_	_	7934	_	_	start_char=44779|end_char=44781
7936	heaven	_	_	_	_	7935	_	_	start_char=44782|end_char=44788
7937	and	_	_	_	_	7936	_	_	start_char=44789|end_char=44792
7938	earth	_	_	_	_	7937	_	_	start_char=44793|end_char=44798
7939	that	_	_	_	_	7938	_	_	start_char=44799|end_char=44803
7940	I	_	_	_	_	7939	_	_	start_char=44804|end_char=44805
7941	desired	_	_	_	_	7940	_	_	start_char=44806|end_char=44813
7942	to	_	_	_	_	7941	_	_	start_char=44814|end_char=44816
7943	learn;	_	_	_	_	7942	_	_	start_char=44817|end_char=44823
7944	and	_	_	_	_	7943	_	_	start_char=44824|end_char=44827
7945	whether	_	_	_	_	7944	_	_	start_char=44828|end_char=44835
7946	it	_	_	_	_	7945	_	_	start_char=44836|end_char=44838
7947	was	_	_	_	_	7946	_	_	start_char=44839|end_char=44842
7948	the	_	_	_	_	7947	_	_	start_char=44843|end_char=44846
7949	outward	_	_	_	_	7948	_	_	start_char=44847|end_char=44854
7950	substance	_	_	_	_	7949	_	_	start_char=44855|end_char=44864
7951	of	_	_	_	_	7950	_	_	start_char=44865|end_char=44867
7952	things	_	_	_	_	7951	_	_	start_char=44868|end_char=44874
7953	or	_	_	_	_	7952	_	_	start_char=44875|end_char=44877
7954	the	_	_	_	_	7953	_	_	start_char=44878|end_char=44881
7955	inner	_	_	_	_	7954	_	_	start_char=44882|end_char=44887
7956	spirit	_	_	_	_	7955	_	_	start_char=44888|end_char=44894
7957	of	_	_	_	_	7956	_	_	start_char=44895|end_char=44897
7958	nature	_	_	_	_	7957	_	_	start_char=44898|end_char=44904
7959	and	_	_	_	_	7958	_	_	start_char=44905|end_char=44908
7960	the	_	_	_	_	7959	_	_	start_char=44909|end_char=44912
7961	mysterious	_	_	_	_	7960	_	_	start_char=44913|end_char=44923
7962	soul	_	_	_	_	7961	_	_	start_char=44924|end_char=44928
7963	of	_	_	_	_	7962	_	_	start_char=44929|end_char=44931
7964	man	_	_	_	_	7963	_	_	start_char=44932|end_char=44935
7965	that	_	_	_	_	7964	_	_	start_char=44936|end_char=44940
7966	occupied	_	_	_	_	7965	_	_	start_char=44941|end_char=44949
7967	me,	_	_	_	_	7966	_	_	start_char=44950|end_char=44953
7968	still	_	_	_	_	7967	_	_	start_char=44954|end_char=44959
7969	my	_	_	_	_	7968	_	_	start_char=44960|end_char=44962
7970	inquiries	_	_	_	_	7969	_	_	start_char=44963|end_char=44972
7971	were	_	_	_	_	7970	_	_	start_char=44973|end_char=44977
7972	directed	_	_	_	_	7971	_	_	start_char=44978|end_char=44986
7973	to	_	_	_	_	7972	_	_	start_char=44987|end_char=44989
7974	the	_	_	_	_	7973	_	_	start_char=44990|end_char=44993
7975	metaphysical,	_	_	_	_	7974	_	_	start_char=44994|end_char=45007
7976	or	_	_	_	_	7975	_	_	start_char=45008|end_char=45010
7977	in	_	_	_	_	7976	_	_	start_char=45011|end_char=45013
7978	its	_	_	_	_	7977	_	_	start_char=45014|end_char=45017
7979	highest	_	_	_	_	7978	_	_	start_char=45018|end_char=45025
7980	sense,	_	_	_	_	7979	_	_	start_char=45026|end_char=45032
7981	the	_	_	_	_	7980	_	_	start_char=45033|end_char=45036
7982	physical	_	_	_	_	7981	_	_	start_char=45037|end_char=45045
7983	secrets	_	_	_	_	7982	_	_	start_char=45046|end_char=45053
7984	of	_	_	_	_	7983	_	_	start_char=45054|end_char=45056
7985	the	_	_	_	_	7984	_	_	start_char=45057|end_char=45060
7986	world.	_	_	_	_	7985	_	_	start_char=45061|end_char=45067
7987	Meanwhile	_	_	_	_	7986	_	_	start_char=45068|end_char=45077
7988	Clerval	_	_	_	_	7987	_	_	start_char=45078|end_char=45085
7989	occupied	_	_	_	_	7988	_	_	start_char=45086|end_char=45094
7990	himself,	_	_	_	_	7989	_	_	start_char=45095|end_char=45103
7991	so	_	_	_	_	7990	_	_	start_char=45104|end_char=45106
7992	to	_	_	_	_	7991	_	_	start_char=45107|end_char=45109
7993	speak,	_	_	_	_	7992	_	_	start_char=45110|end_char=45116
7994	with	_	_	_	_	7993	_	_	start_char=45117|end_char=45121
7995	the	_	_	_	_	7994	_	_	start_char=45122|end_char=45125
7996	moral	_	_	_	_	7995	_	_	start_char=45126|end_char=45131
7997	relations	_	_	_	_	7996	_	_	start_char=45132|end_char=45141
7998	of	_	_	_	_	7997	_	_	start_char=45142|end_char=45144
7999	things.	_	_	_	_	7998	_	_	start_char=45145|end_char=45152
8000	The	_	_	_	_	7999	_	_	start_char=45153|end_char=45156
8001	busy	_	_	_	_	8000	_	_	start_char=45157|end_char=45161
8002	stage	_	_	_	_	8001	_	_	start_char=45162|end_char=45167
8003	of	_	_	_	_	8002	_	_	start_char=45168|end_char=45170
8004	life,	_	_	_	_	8003	_	_	start_char=45171|end_char=45176
8005	the	_	_	_	_	8004	_	_	start_char=45177|end_char=45180
8006	virtues	_	_	_	_	8005	_	_	start_char=45181|end_char=45188
8007	of	_	_	_	_	8006	_	_	start_char=45189|end_char=45191
8008	heroes,	_	_	_	_	8007	_	_	start_char=45192|end_char=45199
8009	and	_	_	_	_	8008	_	_	start_char=45200|end_char=45203
8010	the	_	_	_	_	8009	_	_	start_char=45204|end_char=45207
8011	actions	_	_	_	_	8010	_	_	start_char=45208|end_char=45215
8012	of	_	_	_	_	8011	_	_	start_char=45216|end_char=45218
8013	men	_	_	_	_	8012	_	_	start_char=45219|end_char=45222
8014	were	_	_	_	_	8013	_	_	start_char=45223|end_char=45227
8015	his	_	_	_	_	8014	_	_	start_char=45228|end_char=45231
8016	theme;	_	_	_	_	8015	_	_	start_char=45232|end_char=45238
8017	and	_	_	_	_	8016	_	_	start_char=45239|end_char=45242
8018	his	_	_	_	_	8017	_	_	start_char=45243|end_char=45246
8019	hope	_	_	_	_	8018	_	_	start_char=45247|end_char=45251
8020	and	_	_	_	_	8019	_	_	start_char=45252|end_char=45255
8021	his	_	_	_	_	8020	_	_	start_char=45256|end_char=45259
8022	dream	_	_	_	_	8021	_	_	start_char=45260|end_char=45265
8023	was	_	_	_	_	8022	_	_	start_char=45266|end_char=45269
8024	to	_	_	_	_	8023	_	_	start_char=45270|end_char=45272
8025	become	_	_	_	_	8024	_	_	start_char=45273|end_char=45279
8026	one	_	_	_	_	8025	_	_	start_char=45280|end_char=45283
8027	among	_	_	_	_	8026	_	_	start_char=45284|end_char=45289
8028	those	_	_	_	_	8027	_	_	start_char=45290|end_char=45295
8029	whose	_	_	_	_	8028	_	_	start_char=45296|end_char=45301
8030	names	_	_	_	_	8029	_	_	start_char=45302|end_char=45307
8031	are	_	_	_	_	8030	_	_	start_char=45308|end_char=45311
8032	recorded	_	_	_	_	8031	_	_	start_char=45312|end_char=45320
8033	in	_	_	_	_	8032	_	_	start_char=45321|end_char=45323
8034	story	_	_	_	_	8033	_	_	start_char=45324|end_char=45329
8035	as	_	_	_	_	8034	_	_	start_char=45330|end_char=45332
8036	the	_	_	_	_	8035	_	_	start_char=45333|end_char=45336
8037	gallant	_	_	_	_	8036	_	_	start_char=45337|end_char=45344
8038	and	_	_	_	_	8037	_	_	start_char=45345|end_char=45348
8039	adventurous	_	_	_	_	8038	_	_	start_char=45349|end_char=45360
8040	benefactors	_	_	_	_	8039	_	_	start_char=45361|end_char=45372
8041	of	_	_	_	_	8040	_	_	start_char=45373|end_char=45375
8042	our	_	_	_	_	8041	_	_	start_char=45376|end_char=45379
8043	species.	_	_	_	_	8042	_	_	start_char=45380|end_char=45388
8044	The	_	_	_	_	8043	_	_	start_char=45389|end_char=45392
8045	saintly	_	_	_	_	8044	_	_	start_char=45393|end_char=45400
8046	soul	_	_	_	_	8045	_	_	start_char=45401|end_char=45405
8047	of	_	_	_	_	8046	_	_	start_char=45406|end_char=45408
8048	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	8047	_	_	start_char=45409|end_char=45418
8049	shone	_	_	_	_	8048	_	_	start_char=45419|end_char=45424
8050	like	_	_	_	_	8049	_	_	start_char=45425|end_char=45429
8051	a	_	_	_	_	8050	_	_	start_char=45430|end_char=45431
8052	shrine-dedicated	_	_	_	_	8051	_	_	start_char=45432|end_char=45448
8053	lamp	_	_	_	_	8052	_	_	start_char=45449|end_char=45453
8054	in	_	_	_	_	8053	_	_	start_char=45454|end_char=45456
8055	our	_	_	_	_	8054	_	_	start_char=45457|end_char=45460
8056	peaceful	_	_	_	_	8055	_	_	start_char=45461|end_char=45469
8057	home.	_	_	_	_	8056	_	_	start_char=45470|end_char=45475
8058	Her	_	_	_	_	8057	_	_	start_char=45476|end_char=45479
8059	sympathy	_	_	_	_	8058	_	_	start_char=45480|end_char=45488
8060	was	_	_	_	_	8059	_	_	start_char=45489|end_char=45492
8061	ours;	_	_	_	_	8060	_	_	start_char=45493|end_char=45498
8062	her	_	_	_	_	8061	_	_	start_char=45499|end_char=45502
8063	smile,	_	_	_	_	8062	_	_	start_char=45503|end_char=45509
8064	her	_	_	_	_	8063	_	_	start_char=45510|end_char=45513
8065	soft	_	_	_	_	8064	_	_	start_char=45514|end_char=45518
8066	voice,	_	_	_	_	8065	_	_	start_char=45519|end_char=45525
8067	the	_	_	_	_	8066	_	_	start_char=45526|end_char=45529
8068	sweet	_	_	_	_	8067	_	_	start_char=45530|end_char=45535
8069	glance	_	_	_	_	8068	_	_	start_char=45536|end_char=45542
8070	of	_	_	_	_	8069	_	_	start_char=45543|end_char=45545
8071	her	_	_	_	_	8070	_	_	start_char=45546|end_char=45549
8072	celestial	_	_	_	_	8071	_	_	start_char=45550|end_char=45559
8073	eyes,	_	_	_	_	8072	_	_	start_char=45560|end_char=45565
8074	were	_	_	_	_	8073	_	_	start_char=45566|end_char=45570
8075	ever	_	_	_	_	8074	_	_	start_char=45571|end_char=45575
8076	there	_	_	_	_	8075	_	_	start_char=45576|end_char=45581
8077	to	_	_	_	_	8076	_	_	start_char=45582|end_char=45584
8078	bless	_	_	_	_	8077	_	_	start_char=45585|end_char=45590
8079	and	_	_	_	_	8078	_	_	start_char=45591|end_char=45594
8080	animate	_	_	_	_	8079	_	_	start_char=45595|end_char=45602
8081	us.	_	_	_	_	8080	_	_	start_char=45603|end_char=45606
8082	She	_	_	_	_	8081	_	_	start_char=45607|end_char=45610
8083	was	_	_	_	_	8082	_	_	start_char=45611|end_char=45614
8084	the	_	_	_	_	8083	_	_	start_char=45615|end_char=45618
8085	living	_	_	_	_	8084	_	_	start_char=45619|end_char=45625
8086	spirit	_	_	_	_	8085	_	_	start_char=45626|end_char=45632
8087	of	_	_	_	_	8086	_	_	start_char=45633|end_char=45635
8088	love	_	_	_	_	8087	_	_	start_char=45636|end_char=45640
8089	to	_	_	_	_	8088	_	_	start_char=45641|end_char=45643
8090	soften	_	_	_	_	8089	_	_	start_char=45644|end_char=45650
8091	and	_	_	_	_	8090	_	_	start_char=45651|end_char=45654
8092	attract;	_	_	_	_	8091	_	_	start_char=45655|end_char=45663
8093	I	_	_	_	_	8092	_	_	start_char=45664|end_char=45665
8094	might	_	_	_	_	8093	_	_	start_char=45666|end_char=45671
8095	have	_	_	_	_	8094	_	_	start_char=45672|end_char=45676
8096	become	_	_	_	_	8095	_	_	start_char=45677|end_char=45683
8097	sullen	_	_	_	_	8096	_	_	start_char=45684|end_char=45690
8098	in	_	_	_	_	8097	_	_	start_char=45691|end_char=45693
8099	my	_	_	_	_	8098	_	_	start_char=45694|end_char=45696
8100	study,	_	_	_	_	8099	_	_	start_char=45697|end_char=45703
8101	rough	_	_	_	_	8100	_	_	start_char=45704|end_char=45709
8102	through	_	_	_	_	8101	_	_	start_char=45710|end_char=45717
8103	the	_	_	_	_	8102	_	_	start_char=45718|end_char=45721
8104	ardour	_	_	_	_	8103	_	_	start_char=45722|end_char=45728
8105	of	_	_	_	_	8104	_	_	start_char=45729|end_char=45731
8106	my	_	_	_	_	8105	_	_	start_char=45732|end_char=45734
8107	nature,	_	_	_	_	8106	_	_	start_char=45735|end_char=45742
8108	but	_	_	_	_	8107	_	_	start_char=45743|end_char=45746
8109	that	_	_	_	_	8108	_	_	start_char=45747|end_char=45751
8110	she	_	_	_	_	8109	_	_	start_char=45752|end_char=45755
8111	was	_	_	_	_	8110	_	_	start_char=45756|end_char=45759
8112	there	_	_	_	_	8111	_	_	start_char=45760|end_char=45765
8113	to	_	_	_	_	8112	_	_	start_char=45766|end_char=45768
8114	subdue	_	_	_	_	8113	_	_	start_char=45769|end_char=45775
8115	me	_	_	_	_	8114	_	_	start_char=45776|end_char=45778
8116	to	_	_	_	_	8115	_	_	start_char=45779|end_char=45781
8117	a	_	_	_	_	8116	_	_	start_char=45782|end_char=45783
8118	semblance	_	_	_	_	8117	_	_	start_char=45784|end_char=45793
8119	of	_	_	_	_	8118	_	_	start_char=45794|end_char=45796
8120	her	_	_	_	_	8119	_	_	start_char=45797|end_char=45800
8121	own	_	_	_	_	8120	_	_	start_char=45801|end_char=45804
8122	gentleness.	_	_	_	_	8121	_	_	start_char=45805|end_char=45816
8123	And	_	_	_	_	8122	_	_	start_char=45817|end_char=45820
8124	Clerval—could	_	_	_	_	8123	_	_	start_char=45821|end_char=45834
8125	aught	_	_	_	_	8124	_	_	start_char=45835|end_char=45840
8126	ill	_	_	_	_	8125	_	_	start_char=45841|end_char=45844
8127	entrench	_	_	_	_	8126	_	_	start_char=45845|end_char=45853
8128	on	_	_	_	_	8127	_	_	start_char=45854|end_char=45856
8129	the	_	_	_	_	8128	_	_	start_char=45857|end_char=45860
8130	noble	_	_	_	_	8129	_	_	start_char=45861|end_char=45866
8131	spirit	_	_	_	_	8130	_	_	start_char=45867|end_char=45873
8132	of	_	_	_	_	8131	_	_	start_char=45874|end_char=45876
8133	Clerval?	_	_	_	_	8132	_	_	start_char=45877|end_char=45885
8134	Yet	_	_	_	_	8133	_	_	start_char=45886|end_char=45889
8135	he	_	_	_	_	8134	_	_	start_char=45890|end_char=45892
8136	might	_	_	_	_	8135	_	_	start_char=45893|end_char=45898
8137	not	_	_	_	_	8136	_	_	start_char=45899|end_char=45902
8138	have	_	_	_	_	8137	_	_	start_char=45903|end_char=45907
8139	been	_	_	_	_	8138	_	_	start_char=45908|end_char=45912
8140	so	_	_	_	_	8139	_	_	start_char=45913|end_char=45915
8141	perfectly	_	_	_	_	8140	_	_	start_char=45916|end_char=45925
8142	humane,	_	_	_	_	8141	_	_	start_char=45926|end_char=45933
8143	so	_	_	_	_	8142	_	_	start_char=45934|end_char=45936
8144	thoughtful	_	_	_	_	8143	_	_	start_char=45937|end_char=45947
8145	in	_	_	_	_	8144	_	_	start_char=45948|end_char=45950
8146	his	_	_	_	_	8145	_	_	start_char=45951|end_char=45954
8147	generosity,	_	_	_	_	8146	_	_	start_char=45955|end_char=45966
8148	so	_	_	_	_	8147	_	_	start_char=45967|end_char=45969
8149	full	_	_	_	_	8148	_	_	start_char=45970|end_char=45974
8150	of	_	_	_	_	8149	_	_	start_char=45975|end_char=45977
8151	kindness	_	_	_	_	8150	_	_	start_char=45978|end_char=45986
8152	and	_	_	_	_	8151	_	_	start_char=45987|end_char=45990
8153	tenderness	_	_	_	_	8152	_	_	start_char=45991|end_char=46001
8154	amidst	_	_	_	_	8153	_	_	start_char=46002|end_char=46008
8155	his	_	_	_	_	8154	_	_	start_char=46009|end_char=46012
8156	passion	_	_	_	_	8155	_	_	start_char=46013|end_char=46020
8157	for	_	_	_	_	8156	_	_	start_char=46021|end_char=46024
8158	adventurous	_	_	_	_	8157	_	_	start_char=46025|end_char=46036
8159	exploit,	_	_	_	_	8158	_	_	start_char=46037|end_char=46045
8160	had	_	_	_	_	8159	_	_	start_char=46046|end_char=46049
8161	she	_	_	_	_	8160	_	_	start_char=46050|end_char=46053
8162	not	_	_	_	_	8161	_	_	start_char=46054|end_char=46057
8163	unfolded	_	_	_	_	8162	_	_	start_char=46058|end_char=46066
8164	to	_	_	_	_	8163	_	_	start_char=46067|end_char=46069
8165	him	_	_	_	_	8164	_	_	start_char=46070|end_char=46073
8166	the	_	_	_	_	8165	_	_	start_char=46074|end_char=46077
8167	real	_	_	_	_	8166	_	_	start_char=46078|end_char=46082
8168	loveliness	_	_	_	_	8167	_	_	start_char=46083|end_char=46093
8169	of	_	_	_	_	8168	_	_	start_char=46094|end_char=46096
8170	beneficence	_	_	_	_	8169	_	_	start_char=46097|end_char=46108
8171	and	_	_	_	_	8170	_	_	start_char=46109|end_char=46112
8172	made	_	_	_	_	8171	_	_	start_char=46113|end_char=46117
8173	the	_	_	_	_	8172	_	_	start_char=46118|end_char=46121
8174	doing	_	_	_	_	8173	_	_	start_char=46122|end_char=46127
8175	good	_	_	_	_	8174	_	_	start_char=46128|end_char=46132
8176	the	_	_	_	_	8175	_	_	start_char=46133|end_char=46136
8177	end	_	_	_	_	8176	_	_	start_char=46137|end_char=46140
8178	and	_	_	_	_	8177	_	_	start_char=46141|end_char=46144
8179	aim	_	_	_	_	8178	_	_	start_char=46145|end_char=46148
8180	of	_	_	_	_	8179	_	_	start_char=46149|end_char=46151
8181	his	_	_	_	_	8180	_	_	start_char=46152|end_char=46155
8182	soaring	_	_	_	_	8181	_	_	start_char=46156|end_char=46163
8183	ambition.	_	_	_	_	8182	_	_	start_char=46164|end_char=46173
8184	I	_	_	_	_	8183	_	_	start_char=46174|end_char=46175
8185	feel	_	_	_	_	8184	_	_	start_char=46176|end_char=46180
8186	exquisite	_	_	_	_	8185	_	_	start_char=46181|end_char=46190
8187	pleasure	_	_	_	_	8186	_	_	start_char=46191|end_char=46199
8188	in	_	_	_	_	8187	_	_	start_char=46200|end_char=46202
8189	dwelling	_	_	_	_	8188	_	_	start_char=46203|end_char=46211
8190	on	_	_	_	_	8189	_	_	start_char=46212|end_char=46214
8191	the	_	_	_	_	8190	_	_	start_char=46215|end_char=46218
8192	recollections	_	_	_	_	8191	_	_	start_char=46219|end_char=46232
8193	of	_	_	_	_	8192	_	_	start_char=46233|end_char=46235
8194	childhood,	_	_	_	_	8193	_	_	start_char=46236|end_char=46246
8195	before	_	_	_	_	8194	_	_	start_char=46247|end_char=46253
8196	misfortune	_	_	_	_	8195	_	_	start_char=46254|end_char=46264
8197	had	_	_	_	_	8196	_	_	start_char=46265|end_char=46268
8198	tainted	_	_	_	_	8197	_	_	start_char=46269|end_char=46276
8199	my	_	_	_	_	8198	_	_	start_char=46277|end_char=46279
8200	mind	_	_	_	_	8199	_	_	start_char=46280|end_char=46284
8201	and	_	_	_	_	8200	_	_	start_char=46285|end_char=46288
8202	changed	_	_	_	_	8201	_	_	start_char=46289|end_char=46296
8203	its	_	_	_	_	8202	_	_	start_char=46297|end_char=46300
8204	bright	_	_	_	_	8203	_	_	start_char=46301|end_char=46307
8205	visions	_	_	_	_	8204	_	_	start_char=46308|end_char=46315
8206	of	_	_	_	_	8205	_	_	start_char=46316|end_char=46318
8207	extensive	_	_	_	_	8206	_	_	start_char=46319|end_char=46328
8208	usefulness	_	_	_	_	8207	_	_	start_char=46329|end_char=46339
8209	into	_	_	_	_	8208	_	_	start_char=46340|end_char=46344
8210	gloomy	_	_	_	_	8209	_	_	start_char=46345|end_char=46351
8211	and	_	_	_	_	8210	_	_	start_char=46352|end_char=46355
8212	narrow	_	_	_	_	8211	_	_	start_char=46356|end_char=46362
8213	reflections	_	_	_	_	8212	_	_	start_char=46363|end_char=46374
8214	upon	_	_	_	_	8213	_	_	start_char=46375|end_char=46379
8215	self.	_	_	_	_	8214	_	_	start_char=46380|end_char=46385
8216	Besides,	_	_	_	_	8215	_	_	start_char=46386|end_char=46394
8217	in	_	_	_	_	8216	_	_	start_char=46395|end_char=46397
8218	drawing	_	_	_	_	8217	_	_	start_char=46398|end_char=46405
8219	the	_	_	_	_	8218	_	_	start_char=46406|end_char=46409
8220	picture	_	_	_	_	8219	_	_	start_char=46410|end_char=46417
8221	of	_	_	_	_	8220	_	_	start_char=46418|end_char=46420
8222	my	_	_	_	_	8221	_	_	start_char=46421|end_char=46423
8223	early	_	_	_	_	8222	_	_	start_char=46424|end_char=46429
8224	days,	_	_	_	_	8223	_	_	start_char=46430|end_char=46435
8225	I	_	_	_	_	8224	_	_	start_char=46436|end_char=46437
8226	also	_	_	_	_	8225	_	_	start_char=46438|end_char=46442
8227	record	_	_	_	_	8226	_	_	start_char=46443|end_char=46449
8228	those	_	_	_	_	8227	_	_	start_char=46450|end_char=46455
8229	events	_	_	_	_	8228	_	_	start_char=46456|end_char=46462
8230	which	_	_	_	_	8229	_	_	start_char=46463|end_char=46468
8231	led,	_	_	_	_	8230	_	_	start_char=46469|end_char=46473
8232	by	_	_	_	_	8231	_	_	start_char=46474|end_char=46476
8233	insensible	_	_	_	_	8232	_	_	start_char=46477|end_char=46487
8234	steps,	_	_	_	_	8233	_	_	start_char=46488|end_char=46494
8235	to	_	_	_	_	8234	_	_	start_char=46495|end_char=46497
8236	my	_	_	_	_	8235	_	_	start_char=46498|end_char=46500
8237	after	_	_	_	_	8236	_	_	start_char=46501|end_char=46506
8238	tale	_	_	_	_	8237	_	_	start_char=46507|end_char=46511
8239	of	_	_	_	_	8238	_	_	start_char=46512|end_char=46514
8240	misery,	_	_	_	_	8239	_	_	start_char=46515|end_char=46522
8241	for	_	_	_	_	8240	_	_	start_char=46523|end_char=46526
8242	when	_	_	_	_	8241	_	_	start_char=46527|end_char=46531
8243	I	_	_	_	_	8242	_	_	start_char=46532|end_char=46533
8244	would	_	_	_	_	8243	_	_	start_char=46534|end_char=46539
8245	account	_	_	_	_	8244	_	_	start_char=46540|end_char=46547
8246	to	_	_	_	_	8245	_	_	start_char=46548|end_char=46550
8247	myself	_	_	_	_	8246	_	_	start_char=46551|end_char=46557
8248	for	_	_	_	_	8247	_	_	start_char=46558|end_char=46561
8249	the	_	_	_	_	8248	_	_	start_char=46562|end_char=46565
8250	birth	_	_	_	_	8249	_	_	start_char=46566|end_char=46571
8251	of	_	_	_	_	8250	_	_	start_char=46572|end_char=46574
8252	that	_	_	_	_	8251	_	_	start_char=46575|end_char=46579
8253	passion	_	_	_	_	8252	_	_	start_char=46580|end_char=46587
8254	which	_	_	_	_	8253	_	_	start_char=46588|end_char=46593
8255	afterwards	_	_	_	_	8254	_	_	start_char=46594|end_char=46604
8256	ruled	_	_	_	_	8255	_	_	start_char=46605|end_char=46610
8257	my	_	_	_	_	8256	_	_	start_char=46611|end_char=46613
8258	destiny	_	_	_	_	8257	_	_	start_char=46614|end_char=46621
8259	I	_	_	_	_	8258	_	_	start_char=46622|end_char=46623
8260	find	_	_	_	_	8259	_	_	start_char=46624|end_char=46628
8261	it	_	_	_	_	8260	_	_	start_char=46629|end_char=46631
8262	arise,	_	_	_	_	8261	_	_	start_char=46632|end_char=46638
8263	like	_	_	_	_	8262	_	_	start_char=46639|end_char=46643
8264	a	_	_	_	_	8263	_	_	start_char=46644|end_char=46645
8265	mountain	_	_	_	_	8264	_	_	start_char=46646|end_char=46654
8266	river,	_	_	_	_	8265	_	_	start_char=46655|end_char=46661
8267	from	_	_	_	_	8266	_	_	start_char=46662|end_char=46666
8268	ignoble	_	_	_	_	8267	_	_	start_char=46667|end_char=46674
8269	and	_	_	_	_	8268	_	_	start_char=46675|end_char=46678
8270	almost	_	_	_	_	8269	_	_	start_char=46679|end_char=46685
8271	forgotten	_	_	_	_	8270	_	_	start_char=46686|end_char=46695
8272	sources;	_	_	_	_	8271	_	_	start_char=46696|end_char=46704
8273	but,	_	_	_	_	8272	_	_	start_char=46705|end_char=46709
8274	swelling	_	_	_	_	8273	_	_	start_char=46710|end_char=46718
8275	as	_	_	_	_	8274	_	_	start_char=46719|end_char=46721
8276	it	_	_	_	_	8275	_	_	start_char=46722|end_char=46724
8277	proceeded,	_	_	_	_	8276	_	_	start_char=46725|end_char=46735
8278	it	_	_	_	_	8277	_	_	start_char=46736|end_char=46738
8279	became	_	_	_	_	8278	_	_	start_char=46739|end_char=46745
8280	the	_	_	_	_	8279	_	_	start_char=46746|end_char=46749
8281	torrent	_	_	_	_	8280	_	_	start_char=46750|end_char=46757
8282	which,	_	_	_	_	8281	_	_	start_char=46758|end_char=46764
8283	in	_	_	_	_	8282	_	_	start_char=46765|end_char=46767
8284	its	_	_	_	_	8283	_	_	start_char=46768|end_char=46771
8285	course,	_	_	_	_	8284	_	_	start_char=46772|end_char=46779
8286	has	_	_	_	_	8285	_	_	start_char=46780|end_char=46783
8287	swept	_	_	_	_	8286	_	_	start_char=46784|end_char=46789
8288	away	_	_	_	_	8287	_	_	start_char=46790|end_char=46794
8289	all	_	_	_	_	8288	_	_	start_char=46795|end_char=46798
8290	my	_	_	_	_	8289	_	_	start_char=46799|end_char=46801
8291	hopes	_	_	_	_	8290	_	_	start_char=46802|end_char=46807
8292	and	_	_	_	_	8291	_	_	start_char=46808|end_char=46811
8293	joys.	_	_	_	_	8292	_	_	start_char=46812|end_char=46817
8294	Natural	_	_	_	_	8293	_	_	start_char=46818|end_char=46825
8295	philosophy	_	_	_	_	8294	_	_	start_char=46826|end_char=46836
8296	is	_	_	_	_	8295	_	_	start_char=46837|end_char=46839
8297	the	_	_	_	_	8296	_	_	start_char=46840|end_char=46843
8298	genius	_	_	_	_	8297	_	_	start_char=46844|end_char=46850
8299	that	_	_	_	_	8298	_	_	start_char=46851|end_char=46855
8300	has	_	_	_	_	8299	_	_	start_char=46856|end_char=46859
8301	regulated	_	_	_	_	8300	_	_	start_char=46860|end_char=46869
8302	my	_	_	_	_	8301	_	_	start_char=46870|end_char=46872
8303	fate;	_	_	_	_	8302	_	_	start_char=46873|end_char=46878
8304	I	_	_	_	_	8303	_	_	start_char=46879|end_char=46880
8305	desire,	_	_	_	_	8304	_	_	start_char=46881|end_char=46888
8306	therefore,	_	_	_	_	8305	_	_	start_char=46889|end_char=46899
8307	in	_	_	_	_	8306	_	_	start_char=46900|end_char=46902
8308	this	_	_	_	_	8307	_	_	start_char=46903|end_char=46907
8309	narration,	_	_	_	_	8308	_	_	start_char=46908|end_char=46918
8310	to	_	_	_	_	8309	_	_	start_char=46919|end_char=46921
8311	state	_	_	_	_	8310	_	_	start_char=46922|end_char=46927
8312	those	_	_	_	_	8311	_	_	start_char=46928|end_char=46933
8313	facts	_	_	_	_	8312	_	_	start_char=46934|end_char=46939
8314	which	_	_	_	_	8313	_	_	start_char=46940|end_char=46945
8315	led	_	_	_	_	8314	_	_	start_char=46946|end_char=46949
8316	to	_	_	_	_	8315	_	_	start_char=46950|end_char=46952
8317	my	_	_	_	_	8316	_	_	start_char=46953|end_char=46955
8318	predilection	_	_	_	_	8317	_	_	start_char=46956|end_char=46968
8319	for	_	_	_	_	8318	_	_	start_char=46969|end_char=46972
8320	that	_	_	_	_	8319	_	_	start_char=46973|end_char=46977
8321	science.	_	_	_	_	8320	_	_	start_char=46978|end_char=46986
8322	When	_	_	_	_	8321	_	_	start_char=46987|end_char=46991
8323	I	_	_	_	_	8322	_	_	start_char=46992|end_char=46993
8324	was	_	_	_	_	8323	_	_	start_char=46994|end_char=46997
8325	thirteen	_	_	_	_	8324	_	_	start_char=46998|end_char=47006
8326	years	_	_	_	_	8325	_	_	start_char=47007|end_char=47012
8327	of	_	_	_	_	8326	_	_	start_char=47013|end_char=47015
8328	age	_	_	_	_	8327	_	_	start_char=47016|end_char=47019
8329	we	_	_	_	_	8328	_	_	start_char=47020|end_char=47022
8330	all	_	_	_	_	8329	_	_	start_char=47023|end_char=47026
8331	went	_	_	_	_	8330	_	_	start_char=47027|end_char=47031
8332	on	_	_	_	_	8331	_	_	start_char=47032|end_char=47034
8333	a	_	_	_	_	8332	_	_	start_char=47035|end_char=47036
8334	party	_	_	_	_	8333	_	_	start_char=47037|end_char=47042
8335	of	_	_	_	_	8334	_	_	start_char=47043|end_char=47045
8336	pleasure	_	_	_	_	8335	_	_	start_char=47046|end_char=47054
8337	to	_	_	_	_	8336	_	_	start_char=47055|end_char=47057
8338	the	_	_	_	_	8337	_	_	start_char=47058|end_char=47061
8339	baths	_	_	_	_	8338	_	_	start_char=47062|end_char=47067
8340	near	_	_	_	_	8339	_	_	start_char=47068|end_char=47072
8341	Thonon;	_	_	_	_	8340	_	_	start_char=47073|end_char=47080
8342	the	_	_	_	_	8341	_	_	start_char=47081|end_char=47084
8343	inclemency	_	_	_	_	8342	_	_	start_char=47085|end_char=47095
8344	of	_	_	_	_	8343	_	_	start_char=47096|end_char=47098
8345	the	_	_	_	_	8344	_	_	start_char=47099|end_char=47102
8346	weather	_	_	_	_	8345	_	_	start_char=47103|end_char=47110
8347	obliged	_	_	_	_	8346	_	_	start_char=47111|end_char=47118
8348	us	_	_	_	_	8347	_	_	start_char=47119|end_char=47121
8349	to	_	_	_	_	8348	_	_	start_char=47122|end_char=47124
8350	remain	_	_	_	_	8349	_	_	start_char=47125|end_char=47131
8351	a	_	_	_	_	8350	_	_	start_char=47132|end_char=47133
8352	day	_	_	_	_	8351	_	_	start_char=47134|end_char=47137
8353	confined	_	_	_	_	8352	_	_	start_char=47138|end_char=47146
8354	to	_	_	_	_	8353	_	_	start_char=47147|end_char=47149
8355	the	_	_	_	_	8354	_	_	start_char=47150|end_char=47153
8356	inn.	_	_	_	_	8355	_	_	start_char=47154|end_char=47158
8357	In	_	_	_	_	8356	_	_	start_char=47159|end_char=47161
8358	this	_	_	_	_	8357	_	_	start_char=47162|end_char=47166
8359	house	_	_	_	_	8358	_	_	start_char=47167|end_char=47172
8360	I	_	_	_	_	8359	_	_	start_char=47173|end_char=47174
8361	chanced	_	_	_	_	8360	_	_	start_char=47175|end_char=47182
8362	to	_	_	_	_	8361	_	_	start_char=47183|end_char=47185
8363	find	_	_	_	_	8362	_	_	start_char=47186|end_char=47190
8364	a	_	_	_	_	8363	_	_	start_char=47191|end_char=47192
8365	volume	_	_	_	_	8364	_	_	start_char=47193|end_char=47199
8366	of	_	_	_	_	8365	_	_	start_char=47200|end_char=47202
8367	the	_	_	_	_	8366	_	_	start_char=47203|end_char=47206
8368	works	_	_	_	_	8367	_	_	start_char=47207|end_char=47212
8369	of	_	_	_	_	8368	_	_	start_char=47213|end_char=47215
8370	Cornelius	_	_	_	_	8369	_	_	start_char=47216|end_char=47225
8371	Agrippa.	_	_	_	_	8370	_	_	start_char=47226|end_char=47234
8372	I	_	_	_	_	8371	_	_	start_char=47235|end_char=47236
8373	opened	_	_	_	_	8372	_	_	start_char=47237|end_char=47243
8374	it	_	_	_	_	8373	_	_	start_char=47244|end_char=47246
8375	with	_	_	_	_	8374	_	_	start_char=47247|end_char=47251
8376	apathy;	_	_	_	_	8375	_	_	start_char=47252|end_char=47259
8377	the	_	_	_	_	8376	_	_	start_char=47260|end_char=47263
8378	theory	_	_	_	_	8377	_	_	start_char=47264|end_char=47270
8379	which	_	_	_	_	8378	_	_	start_char=47271|end_char=47276
8380	he	_	_	_	_	8379	_	_	start_char=47277|end_char=47279
8381	attempts	_	_	_	_	8380	_	_	start_char=47280|end_char=47288
8382	to	_	_	_	_	8381	_	_	start_char=47289|end_char=47291
8383	demonstrate	_	_	_	_	8382	_	_	start_char=47292|end_char=47303
8384	and	_	_	_	_	8383	_	_	start_char=47304|end_char=47307
8385	the	_	_	_	_	8384	_	_	start_char=47308|end_char=47311
8386	wonderful	_	_	_	_	8385	_	_	start_char=47312|end_char=47321
8387	facts	_	_	_	_	8386	_	_	start_char=47322|end_char=47327
8388	which	_	_	_	_	8387	_	_	start_char=47328|end_char=47333
8389	he	_	_	_	_	8388	_	_	start_char=47334|end_char=47336
8390	relates	_	_	_	_	8389	_	_	start_char=47337|end_char=47344
8391	soon	_	_	_	_	8390	_	_	start_char=47345|end_char=47349
8392	changed	_	_	_	_	8391	_	_	start_char=47350|end_char=47357
8393	this	_	_	_	_	8392	_	_	start_char=47358|end_char=47362
8394	feeling	_	_	_	_	8393	_	_	start_char=47363|end_char=47370
8395	into	_	_	_	_	8394	_	_	start_char=47371|end_char=47375
8396	enthusiasm.	_	_	_	_	8395	_	_	start_char=47376|end_char=47387
8397	A	_	_	_	_	8396	_	_	start_char=47388|end_char=47389
8398	new	_	_	_	_	8397	_	_	start_char=47390|end_char=47393
8399	light	_	_	_	_	8398	_	_	start_char=47394|end_char=47399
8400	seemed	_	_	_	_	8399	_	_	start_char=47400|end_char=47406
8401	to	_	_	_	_	8400	_	_	start_char=47407|end_char=47409
8402	dawn	_	_	_	_	8401	_	_	start_char=47410|end_char=47414
8403	upon	_	_	_	_	8402	_	_	start_char=47415|end_char=47419
8404	my	_	_	_	_	8403	_	_	start_char=47420|end_char=47422
8405	mind,	_	_	_	_	8404	_	_	start_char=47423|end_char=47428
8406	and	_	_	_	_	8405	_	_	start_char=47429|end_char=47432
8407	bounding	_	_	_	_	8406	_	_	start_char=47433|end_char=47441
8408	with	_	_	_	_	8407	_	_	start_char=47442|end_char=47446
8409	joy,	_	_	_	_	8408	_	_	start_char=47447|end_char=47451
8410	I	_	_	_	_	8409	_	_	start_char=47452|end_char=47453
8411	communicated	_	_	_	_	8410	_	_	start_char=47454|end_char=47466
8412	my	_	_	_	_	8411	_	_	start_char=47467|end_char=47469
8413	discovery	_	_	_	_	8412	_	_	start_char=47470|end_char=47479
8414	to	_	_	_	_	8413	_	_	start_char=47480|end_char=47482
8415	my	_	_	_	_	8414	_	_	start_char=47483|end_char=47485
8416	father.	_	_	_	_	8415	_	_	start_char=47486|end_char=47493
8417	My	_	_	_	_	8416	_	_	start_char=47494|end_char=47496
8418	father	_	_	_	_	8417	_	_	start_char=47497|end_char=47503
8419	looked	_	_	_	_	8418	_	_	start_char=47504|end_char=47510
8420	carelessly	_	_	_	_	8419	_	_	start_char=47511|end_char=47521
8421	at	_	_	_	_	8420	_	_	start_char=47522|end_char=47524
8422	the	_	_	_	_	8421	_	_	start_char=47525|end_char=47528
8423	title	_	_	_	_	8422	_	_	start_char=47529|end_char=47534
8424	page	_	_	_	_	8423	_	_	start_char=47535|end_char=47539
8425	of	_	_	_	_	8424	_	_	start_char=47540|end_char=47542
8426	my	_	_	_	_	8425	_	_	start_char=47543|end_char=47545
8427	book	_	_	_	_	8426	_	_	start_char=47546|end_char=47550
8428	and	_	_	_	_	8427	_	_	start_char=47551|end_char=47554
8429	said,	_	_	_	_	8428	_	_	start_char=47555|end_char=47560
8430	“Ah!	_	_	_	_	8429	_	_	start_char=47561|end_char=47565
8431	Cornelius	_	_	_	_	8430	_	_	start_char=47566|end_char=47575
8432	Agrippa!	_	_	_	_	8431	_	_	start_char=47576|end_char=47584
8433	My	_	_	_	_	8432	_	_	start_char=47585|end_char=47587
8434	dear	_	_	_	_	8433	_	_	start_char=47588|end_char=47592
8435	Victor,	_	_	_	_	8434	_	_	start_char=47593|end_char=47600
8436	do	_	_	_	_	8435	_	_	start_char=47601|end_char=47603
8437	not	_	_	_	_	8436	_	_	start_char=47604|end_char=47607
8438	waste	_	_	_	_	8437	_	_	start_char=47608|end_char=47613
8439	your	_	_	_	_	8438	_	_	start_char=47614|end_char=47618
8440	time	_	_	_	_	8439	_	_	start_char=47619|end_char=47623
8441	upon	_	_	_	_	8440	_	_	start_char=47624|end_char=47628
8442	this;	_	_	_	_	8441	_	_	start_char=47629|end_char=47634
8443	it	_	_	_	_	8442	_	_	start_char=47635|end_char=47637
8444	is	_	_	_	_	8443	_	_	start_char=47638|end_char=47640
8445	sad	_	_	_	_	8444	_	_	start_char=47641|end_char=47644
8446	trash.”	_	_	_	_	8445	_	_	start_char=47645|end_char=47652
8447	If,	_	_	_	_	8446	_	_	start_char=47653|end_char=47656
8448	instead	_	_	_	_	8447	_	_	start_char=47657|end_char=47664
8449	of	_	_	_	_	8448	_	_	start_char=47665|end_char=47667
8450	this	_	_	_	_	8449	_	_	start_char=47668|end_char=47672
8451	remark,	_	_	_	_	8450	_	_	start_char=47673|end_char=47680
8452	my	_	_	_	_	8451	_	_	start_char=47681|end_char=47683
8453	father	_	_	_	_	8452	_	_	start_char=47684|end_char=47690
8454	had	_	_	_	_	8453	_	_	start_char=47691|end_char=47694
8455	taken	_	_	_	_	8454	_	_	start_char=47695|end_char=47700
8456	the	_	_	_	_	8455	_	_	start_char=47701|end_char=47704
8457	pains	_	_	_	_	8456	_	_	start_char=47705|end_char=47710
8458	to	_	_	_	_	8457	_	_	start_char=47711|end_char=47713
8459	explain	_	_	_	_	8458	_	_	start_char=47714|end_char=47721
8460	to	_	_	_	_	8459	_	_	start_char=47722|end_char=47724
8461	me	_	_	_	_	8460	_	_	start_char=47725|end_char=47727
8462	that	_	_	_	_	8461	_	_	start_char=47728|end_char=47732
8463	the	_	_	_	_	8462	_	_	start_char=47733|end_char=47736
8464	principles	_	_	_	_	8463	_	_	start_char=47737|end_char=47747
8465	of	_	_	_	_	8464	_	_	start_char=47748|end_char=47750
8466	Agrippa	_	_	_	_	8465	_	_	start_char=47751|end_char=47758
8467	had	_	_	_	_	8466	_	_	start_char=47759|end_char=47762
8468	been	_	_	_	_	8467	_	_	start_char=47763|end_char=47767
8469	entirely	_	_	_	_	8468	_	_	start_char=47768|end_char=47776
8470	exploded	_	_	_	_	8469	_	_	start_char=47777|end_char=47785
8471	and	_	_	_	_	8470	_	_	start_char=47786|end_char=47789
8472	that	_	_	_	_	8471	_	_	start_char=47790|end_char=47794
8473	a	_	_	_	_	8472	_	_	start_char=47795|end_char=47796
8474	modern	_	_	_	_	8473	_	_	start_char=47797|end_char=47803
8475	system	_	_	_	_	8474	_	_	start_char=47804|end_char=47810
8476	of	_	_	_	_	8475	_	_	start_char=47811|end_char=47813
8477	science	_	_	_	_	8476	_	_	start_char=47814|end_char=47821
8478	had	_	_	_	_	8477	_	_	start_char=47822|end_char=47825
8479	been	_	_	_	_	8478	_	_	start_char=47826|end_char=47830
8480	introduced	_	_	_	_	8479	_	_	start_char=47831|end_char=47841
8481	which	_	_	_	_	8480	_	_	start_char=47842|end_char=47847
8482	possessed	_	_	_	_	8481	_	_	start_char=47848|end_char=47857
8483	much	_	_	_	_	8482	_	_	start_char=47858|end_char=47862
8484	greater	_	_	_	_	8483	_	_	start_char=47863|end_char=47870
8485	powers	_	_	_	_	8484	_	_	start_char=47871|end_char=47877
8486	than	_	_	_	_	8485	_	_	start_char=47878|end_char=47882
8487	the	_	_	_	_	8486	_	_	start_char=47883|end_char=47886
8488	ancient,	_	_	_	_	8487	_	_	start_char=47887|end_char=47895
8489	because	_	_	_	_	8488	_	_	start_char=47896|end_char=47903
8490	the	_	_	_	_	8489	_	_	start_char=47904|end_char=47907
8491	powers	_	_	_	_	8490	_	_	start_char=47908|end_char=47914
8492	of	_	_	_	_	8491	_	_	start_char=47915|end_char=47917
8493	the	_	_	_	_	8492	_	_	start_char=47918|end_char=47921
8494	latter	_	_	_	_	8493	_	_	start_char=47922|end_char=47928
8495	were	_	_	_	_	8494	_	_	start_char=47929|end_char=47933
8496	chimerical,	_	_	_	_	8495	_	_	start_char=47934|end_char=47945
8497	while	_	_	_	_	8496	_	_	start_char=47946|end_char=47951
8498	those	_	_	_	_	8497	_	_	start_char=47952|end_char=47957
8499	of	_	_	_	_	8498	_	_	start_char=47958|end_char=47960
8500	the	_	_	_	_	8499	_	_	start_char=47961|end_char=47964
8501	former	_	_	_	_	8500	_	_	start_char=47965|end_char=47971
8502	were	_	_	_	_	8501	_	_	start_char=47972|end_char=47976
8503	real	_	_	_	_	8502	_	_	start_char=47977|end_char=47981
8504	and	_	_	_	_	8503	_	_	start_char=47982|end_char=47985
8505	practical,	_	_	_	_	8504	_	_	start_char=47986|end_char=47996
8506	under	_	_	_	_	8505	_	_	start_char=47997|end_char=48002
8507	such	_	_	_	_	8506	_	_	start_char=48003|end_char=48007
8508	circumstances	_	_	_	_	8507	_	_	start_char=48008|end_char=48021
8509	I	_	_	_	_	8508	_	_	start_char=48022|end_char=48023
8510	should	_	_	_	_	8509	_	_	start_char=48024|end_char=48030
8511	certainly	_	_	_	_	8510	_	_	start_char=48031|end_char=48040
8512	have	_	_	_	_	8511	_	_	start_char=48041|end_char=48045
8513	thrown	_	_	_	_	8512	_	_	start_char=48046|end_char=48052
8514	Agrippa	_	_	_	_	8513	_	_	start_char=48053|end_char=48060
8515	aside	_	_	_	_	8514	_	_	start_char=48061|end_char=48066
8516	and	_	_	_	_	8515	_	_	start_char=48067|end_char=48070
8517	have	_	_	_	_	8516	_	_	start_char=48071|end_char=48075
8518	contented	_	_	_	_	8517	_	_	start_char=48076|end_char=48085
8519	my	_	_	_	_	8518	_	_	start_char=48086|end_char=48088
8520	imagination,	_	_	_	_	8519	_	_	start_char=48089|end_char=48101
8521	warmed	_	_	_	_	8520	_	_	start_char=48102|end_char=48108
8522	as	_	_	_	_	8521	_	_	start_char=48109|end_char=48111
8523	it	_	_	_	_	8522	_	_	start_char=48112|end_char=48114
8524	was,	_	_	_	_	8523	_	_	start_char=48115|end_char=48119
8525	by	_	_	_	_	8524	_	_	start_char=48120|end_char=48122
8526	returning	_	_	_	_	8525	_	_	start_char=48123|end_char=48132
8527	with	_	_	_	_	8526	_	_	start_char=48133|end_char=48137
8528	greater	_	_	_	_	8527	_	_	start_char=48138|end_char=48145
8529	ardour	_	_	_	_	8528	_	_	start_char=48146|end_char=48152
8530	to	_	_	_	_	8529	_	_	start_char=48153|end_char=48155
8531	my	_	_	_	_	8530	_	_	start_char=48156|end_char=48158
8532	former	_	_	_	_	8531	_	_	start_char=48159|end_char=48165
8533	studies.	_	_	_	_	8532	_	_	start_char=48166|end_char=48174
8534	It	_	_	_	_	8533	_	_	start_char=48175|end_char=48177
8535	is	_	_	_	_	8534	_	_	start_char=48178|end_char=48180
8536	even	_	_	_	_	8535	_	_	start_char=48181|end_char=48185
8537	possible	_	_	_	_	8536	_	_	start_char=48186|end_char=48194
8538	that	_	_	_	_	8537	_	_	start_char=48195|end_char=48199
8539	the	_	_	_	_	8538	_	_	start_char=48200|end_char=48203
8540	train	_	_	_	_	8539	_	_	start_char=48204|end_char=48209
8541	of	_	_	_	_	8540	_	_	start_char=48210|end_char=48212
8542	my	_	_	_	_	8541	_	_	start_char=48213|end_char=48215
8543	ideas	_	_	_	_	8542	_	_	start_char=48216|end_char=48221
8544	would	_	_	_	_	8543	_	_	start_char=48222|end_char=48227
8545	never	_	_	_	_	8544	_	_	start_char=48228|end_char=48233
8546	have	_	_	_	_	8545	_	_	start_char=48234|end_char=48238
8547	received	_	_	_	_	8546	_	_	start_char=48239|end_char=48247
8548	the	_	_	_	_	8547	_	_	start_char=48248|end_char=48251
8549	fatal	_	_	_	_	8548	_	_	start_char=48252|end_char=48257
8550	impulse	_	_	_	_	8549	_	_	start_char=48258|end_char=48265
8551	that	_	_	_	_	8550	_	_	start_char=48266|end_char=48270
8552	led	_	_	_	_	8551	_	_	start_char=48271|end_char=48274
8553	to	_	_	_	_	8552	_	_	start_char=48275|end_char=48277
8554	my	_	_	_	_	8553	_	_	start_char=48278|end_char=48280
8555	ruin.	_	_	_	_	8554	_	_	start_char=48281|end_char=48286
8556	But	_	_	_	_	8555	_	_	start_char=48287|end_char=48290
8557	the	_	_	_	_	8556	_	_	start_char=48291|end_char=48294
8558	cursory	_	_	_	_	8557	_	_	start_char=48295|end_char=48302
8559	glance	_	_	_	_	8558	_	_	start_char=48303|end_char=48309
8560	my	_	_	_	_	8559	_	_	start_char=48310|end_char=48312
8561	father	_	_	_	_	8560	_	_	start_char=48313|end_char=48319
8562	had	_	_	_	_	8561	_	_	start_char=48320|end_char=48323
8563	taken	_	_	_	_	8562	_	_	start_char=48324|end_char=48329
8564	of	_	_	_	_	8563	_	_	start_char=48330|end_char=48332
8565	my	_	_	_	_	8564	_	_	start_char=48333|end_char=48335
8566	volume	_	_	_	_	8565	_	_	start_char=48336|end_char=48342
8567	by	_	_	_	_	8566	_	_	start_char=48343|end_char=48345
8568	no	_	_	_	_	8567	_	_	start_char=48346|end_char=48348
8569	means	_	_	_	_	8568	_	_	start_char=48349|end_char=48354
8570	assured	_	_	_	_	8569	_	_	start_char=48355|end_char=48362
8571	me	_	_	_	_	8570	_	_	start_char=48363|end_char=48365
8572	that	_	_	_	_	8571	_	_	start_char=48366|end_char=48370
8573	he	_	_	_	_	8572	_	_	start_char=48371|end_char=48373
8574	was	_	_	_	_	8573	_	_	start_char=48374|end_char=48377
8575	acquainted	_	_	_	_	8574	_	_	start_char=48378|end_char=48388
8576	with	_	_	_	_	8575	_	_	start_char=48389|end_char=48393
8577	its	_	_	_	_	8576	_	_	start_char=48394|end_char=48397
8578	contents,	_	_	_	_	8577	_	_	start_char=48398|end_char=48407
8579	and	_	_	_	_	8578	_	_	start_char=48408|end_char=48411
8580	I	_	_	_	_	8579	_	_	start_char=48412|end_char=48413
8581	continued	_	_	_	_	8580	_	_	start_char=48414|end_char=48423
8582	to	_	_	_	_	8581	_	_	start_char=48424|end_char=48426
8583	read	_	_	_	_	8582	_	_	start_char=48427|end_char=48431
8584	with	_	_	_	_	8583	_	_	start_char=48432|end_char=48436
8585	the	_	_	_	_	8584	_	_	start_char=48437|end_char=48440
8586	greatest	_	_	_	_	8585	_	_	start_char=48441|end_char=48449
8587	avidity.	_	_	_	_	8586	_	_	start_char=48450|end_char=48458
8588	When	_	_	_	_	8587	_	_	start_char=48459|end_char=48463
8589	I	_	_	_	_	8588	_	_	start_char=48464|end_char=48465
8590	returned	_	_	_	_	8589	_	_	start_char=48466|end_char=48474
8591	home	_	_	_	_	8590	_	_	start_char=48475|end_char=48479
8592	my	_	_	_	_	8591	_	_	start_char=48480|end_char=48482
8593	first	_	_	_	_	8592	_	_	start_char=48483|end_char=48488
8594	care	_	_	_	_	8593	_	_	start_char=48489|end_char=48493
8595	was	_	_	_	_	8594	_	_	start_char=48494|end_char=48497
8596	to	_	_	_	_	8595	_	_	start_char=48498|end_char=48500
8597	procure	_	_	_	_	8596	_	_	start_char=48501|end_char=48508
8598	the	_	_	_	_	8597	_	_	start_char=48509|end_char=48512
8599	whole	_	_	_	_	8598	_	_	start_char=48513|end_char=48518
8600	works	_	_	_	_	8599	_	_	start_char=48519|end_char=48524
8601	of	_	_	_	_	8600	_	_	start_char=48525|end_char=48527
8602	this	_	_	_	_	8601	_	_	start_char=48528|end_char=48532
8603	author,	_	_	_	_	8602	_	_	start_char=48533|end_char=48540
8604	and	_	_	_	_	8603	_	_	start_char=48541|end_char=48544
8605	afterwards	_	_	_	_	8604	_	_	start_char=48545|end_char=48555
8606	of	_	_	_	_	8605	_	_	start_char=48556|end_char=48558
8607	Paracelsus	_	_	_	_	8606	_	_	start_char=48559|end_char=48569
8608	and	_	_	_	_	8607	_	_	start_char=48570|end_char=48573
8609	Albertus	_	_	_	_	8608	_	_	start_char=48574|end_char=48582
8610	Magnus.	_	_	_	_	8609	_	_	start_char=48583|end_char=48590
8611	I	_	_	_	_	8610	_	_	start_char=48591|end_char=48592
8612	read	_	_	_	_	8611	_	_	start_char=48593|end_char=48597
8613	and	_	_	_	_	8612	_	_	start_char=48598|end_char=48601
8614	studied	_	_	_	_	8613	_	_	start_char=48602|end_char=48609
8615	the	_	_	_	_	8614	_	_	start_char=48610|end_char=48613
8616	wild	_	_	_	_	8615	_	_	start_char=48614|end_char=48618
8617	fancies	_	_	_	_	8616	_	_	start_char=48619|end_char=48626
8618	of	_	_	_	_	8617	_	_	start_char=48627|end_char=48629
8619	these	_	_	_	_	8618	_	_	start_char=48630|end_char=48635
8620	writers	_	_	_	_	8619	_	_	start_char=48636|end_char=48643
8621	with	_	_	_	_	8620	_	_	start_char=48644|end_char=48648
8622	delight;	_	_	_	_	8621	_	_	start_char=48649|end_char=48657
8623	they	_	_	_	_	8622	_	_	start_char=48658|end_char=48662
8624	appeared	_	_	_	_	8623	_	_	start_char=48663|end_char=48671
8625	to	_	_	_	_	8624	_	_	start_char=48672|end_char=48674
8626	me	_	_	_	_	8625	_	_	start_char=48675|end_char=48677
8627	treasures	_	_	_	_	8626	_	_	start_char=48678|end_char=48687
8628	known	_	_	_	_	8627	_	_	start_char=48688|end_char=48693
8629	to	_	_	_	_	8628	_	_	start_char=48694|end_char=48696
8630	few	_	_	_	_	8629	_	_	start_char=48697|end_char=48700
8631	besides	_	_	_	_	8630	_	_	start_char=48701|end_char=48708
8632	myself.	_	_	_	_	8631	_	_	start_char=48709|end_char=48716
8633	I	_	_	_	_	8632	_	_	start_char=48717|end_char=48718
8634	have	_	_	_	_	8633	_	_	start_char=48719|end_char=48723
8635	described	_	_	_	_	8634	_	_	start_char=48724|end_char=48733
8636	myself	_	_	_	_	8635	_	_	start_char=48734|end_char=48740
8637	as	_	_	_	_	8636	_	_	start_char=48741|end_char=48743
8638	always	_	_	_	_	8637	_	_	start_char=48744|end_char=48750
8639	having	_	_	_	_	8638	_	_	start_char=48751|end_char=48757
8640	been	_	_	_	_	8639	_	_	start_char=48758|end_char=48762
8641	imbued	_	_	_	_	8640	_	_	start_char=48763|end_char=48769
8642	with	_	_	_	_	8641	_	_	start_char=48770|end_char=48774
8643	a	_	_	_	_	8642	_	_	start_char=48775|end_char=48776
8644	fervent	_	_	_	_	8643	_	_	start_char=48777|end_char=48784
8645	longing	_	_	_	_	8644	_	_	start_char=48785|end_char=48792
8646	to	_	_	_	_	8645	_	_	start_char=48793|end_char=48795
8647	penetrate	_	_	_	_	8646	_	_	start_char=48796|end_char=48805
8648	the	_	_	_	_	8647	_	_	start_char=48806|end_char=48809
8649	secrets	_	_	_	_	8648	_	_	start_char=48810|end_char=48817
8650	of	_	_	_	_	8649	_	_	start_char=48818|end_char=48820
8651	nature.	_	_	_	_	8650	_	_	start_char=48821|end_char=48828
8652	In	_	_	_	_	8651	_	_	start_char=48829|end_char=48831
8653	spite	_	_	_	_	8652	_	_	start_char=48832|end_char=48837
8654	of	_	_	_	_	8653	_	_	start_char=48838|end_char=48840
8655	the	_	_	_	_	8654	_	_	start_char=48841|end_char=48844
8656	intense	_	_	_	_	8655	_	_	start_char=48845|end_char=48852
8657	labour	_	_	_	_	8656	_	_	start_char=48853|end_char=48859
8658	and	_	_	_	_	8657	_	_	start_char=48860|end_char=48863
8659	wonderful	_	_	_	_	8658	_	_	start_char=48864|end_char=48873
8660	discoveries	_	_	_	_	8659	_	_	start_char=48874|end_char=48885
8661	of	_	_	_	_	8660	_	_	start_char=48886|end_char=48888
8662	modern	_	_	_	_	8661	_	_	start_char=48889|end_char=48895
8663	philosophers,	_	_	_	_	8662	_	_	start_char=48896|end_char=48909
8664	I	_	_	_	_	8663	_	_	start_char=48910|end_char=48911
8665	always	_	_	_	_	8664	_	_	start_char=48912|end_char=48918
8666	came	_	_	_	_	8665	_	_	start_char=48919|end_char=48923
8667	from	_	_	_	_	8666	_	_	start_char=48924|end_char=48928
8668	my	_	_	_	_	8667	_	_	start_char=48929|end_char=48931
8669	studies	_	_	_	_	8668	_	_	start_char=48932|end_char=48939
8670	discontented	_	_	_	_	8669	_	_	start_char=48940|end_char=48952
8671	and	_	_	_	_	8670	_	_	start_char=48953|end_char=48956
8672	unsatisfied.	_	_	_	_	8671	_	_	start_char=48957|end_char=48969
8673	Sir	_	_	_	_	8672	_	_	start_char=48970|end_char=48973
8674	Isaac	_	_	_	_	8673	_	_	start_char=48974|end_char=48979
8675	Newton	_	_	_	_	8674	_	_	start_char=48980|end_char=48986
8676	is	_	_	_	_	8675	_	_	start_char=48987|end_char=48989
8677	said	_	_	_	_	8676	_	_	start_char=48990|end_char=48994
8678	to	_	_	_	_	8677	_	_	start_char=48995|end_char=48997
8679	have	_	_	_	_	8678	_	_	start_char=48998|end_char=49002
8680	avowed	_	_	_	_	8679	_	_	start_char=49003|end_char=49009
8681	that	_	_	_	_	8680	_	_	start_char=49010|end_char=49014
8682	he	_	_	_	_	8681	_	_	start_char=49015|end_char=49017
8683	felt	_	_	_	_	8682	_	_	start_char=49018|end_char=49022
8684	like	_	_	_	_	8683	_	_	start_char=49023|end_char=49027
8685	a	_	_	_	_	8684	_	_	start_char=49028|end_char=49029
8686	child	_	_	_	_	8685	_	_	start_char=49030|end_char=49035
8687	picking	_	_	_	_	8686	_	_	start_char=49036|end_char=49043
8688	up	_	_	_	_	8687	_	_	start_char=49044|end_char=49046
8689	shells	_	_	_	_	8688	_	_	start_char=49047|end_char=49053
8690	beside	_	_	_	_	8689	_	_	start_char=49054|end_char=49060
8691	the	_	_	_	_	8690	_	_	start_char=49061|end_char=49064
8692	great	_	_	_	_	8691	_	_	start_char=49065|end_char=49070
8693	and	_	_	_	_	8692	_	_	start_char=49071|end_char=49074
8694	unexplored	_	_	_	_	8693	_	_	start_char=49075|end_char=49085
8695	ocean	_	_	_	_	8694	_	_	start_char=49086|end_char=49091
8696	of	_	_	_	_	8695	_	_	start_char=49092|end_char=49094
8697	truth.	_	_	_	_	8696	_	_	start_char=49095|end_char=49101
8698	Those	_	_	_	_	8697	_	_	start_char=49102|end_char=49107
8699	of	_	_	_	_	8698	_	_	start_char=49108|end_char=49110
8700	his	_	_	_	_	8699	_	_	start_char=49111|end_char=49114
8701	successors	_	_	_	_	8700	_	_	start_char=49115|end_char=49125
8702	in	_	_	_	_	8701	_	_	start_char=49126|end_char=49128
8703	each	_	_	_	_	8702	_	_	start_char=49129|end_char=49133
8704	branch	_	_	_	_	8703	_	_	start_char=49134|end_char=49140
8705	of	_	_	_	_	8704	_	_	start_char=49141|end_char=49143
8706	natural	_	_	_	_	8705	_	_	start_char=49144|end_char=49151
8707	philosophy	_	_	_	_	8706	_	_	start_char=49152|end_char=49162
8708	with	_	_	_	_	8707	_	_	start_char=49163|end_char=49167
8709	whom	_	_	_	_	8708	_	_	start_char=49168|end_char=49172
8710	I	_	_	_	_	8709	_	_	start_char=49173|end_char=49174
8711	was	_	_	_	_	8710	_	_	start_char=49175|end_char=49178
8712	acquainted	_	_	_	_	8711	_	_	start_char=49179|end_char=49189
8713	appeared	_	_	_	_	8712	_	_	start_char=49190|end_char=49198
8714	even	_	_	_	_	8713	_	_	start_char=49199|end_char=49203
8715	to	_	_	_	_	8714	_	_	start_char=49204|end_char=49206
8716	my	_	_	_	_	8715	_	_	start_char=49207|end_char=49209
8717	boy’s	_	_	_	_	8716	_	_	start_char=49210|end_char=49215
8718	apprehensions	_	_	_	_	8717	_	_	start_char=49216|end_char=49229
8719	as	_	_	_	_	8718	_	_	start_char=49230|end_char=49232
8720	tyros	_	_	_	_	8719	_	_	start_char=49233|end_char=49238
8721	engaged	_	_	_	_	8720	_	_	start_char=49239|end_char=49246
8722	in	_	_	_	_	8721	_	_	start_char=49247|end_char=49249
8723	the	_	_	_	_	8722	_	_	start_char=49250|end_char=49253
8724	same	_	_	_	_	8723	_	_	start_char=49254|end_char=49258
8725	pursuit.	_	_	_	_	8724	_	_	start_char=49259|end_char=49267
8726	The	_	_	_	_	8725	_	_	start_char=49268|end_char=49271
8727	untaught	_	_	_	_	8726	_	_	start_char=49272|end_char=49280
8728	peasant	_	_	_	_	8727	_	_	start_char=49281|end_char=49288
8729	beheld	_	_	_	_	8728	_	_	start_char=49289|end_char=49295
8730	the	_	_	_	_	8729	_	_	start_char=49296|end_char=49299
8731	elements	_	_	_	_	8730	_	_	start_char=49300|end_char=49308
8732	around	_	_	_	_	8731	_	_	start_char=49309|end_char=49315
8733	him	_	_	_	_	8732	_	_	start_char=49316|end_char=49319
8734	and	_	_	_	_	8733	_	_	start_char=49320|end_char=49323
8735	was	_	_	_	_	8734	_	_	start_char=49324|end_char=49327
8736	acquainted	_	_	_	_	8735	_	_	start_char=49328|end_char=49338
8737	with	_	_	_	_	8736	_	_	start_char=49339|end_char=49343
8738	their	_	_	_	_	8737	_	_	start_char=49344|end_char=49349
8739	practical	_	_	_	_	8738	_	_	start_char=49350|end_char=49359
8740	uses.	_	_	_	_	8739	_	_	start_char=49360|end_char=49365
8741	The	_	_	_	_	8740	_	_	start_char=49366|end_char=49369
8742	most	_	_	_	_	8741	_	_	start_char=49370|end_char=49374
8743	learned	_	_	_	_	8742	_	_	start_char=49375|end_char=49382
8744	philosopher	_	_	_	_	8743	_	_	start_char=49383|end_char=49394
8745	knew	_	_	_	_	8744	_	_	start_char=49395|end_char=49399
8746	little	_	_	_	_	8745	_	_	start_char=49400|end_char=49406
8747	more.	_	_	_	_	8746	_	_	start_char=49407|end_char=49412
8748	He	_	_	_	_	8747	_	_	start_char=49413|end_char=49415
8749	had	_	_	_	_	8748	_	_	start_char=49416|end_char=49419
8750	partially	_	_	_	_	8749	_	_	start_char=49420|end_char=49429
8751	unveiled	_	_	_	_	8750	_	_	start_char=49430|end_char=49438
8752	the	_	_	_	_	8751	_	_	start_char=49439|end_char=49442
8753	face	_	_	_	_	8752	_	_	start_char=49443|end_char=49447
8754	of	_	_	_	_	8753	_	_	start_char=49448|end_char=49450
8755	Nature,	_	_	_	_	8754	_	_	start_char=49451|end_char=49458
8756	but	_	_	_	_	8755	_	_	start_char=49459|end_char=49462
8757	her	_	_	_	_	8756	_	_	start_char=49463|end_char=49466
8758	immortal	_	_	_	_	8757	_	_	start_char=49467|end_char=49475
8759	lineaments	_	_	_	_	8758	_	_	start_char=49476|end_char=49486
8760	were	_	_	_	_	8759	_	_	start_char=49487|end_char=49491
8761	still	_	_	_	_	8760	_	_	start_char=49492|end_char=49497
8762	a	_	_	_	_	8761	_	_	start_char=49498|end_char=49499
8763	wonder	_	_	_	_	8762	_	_	start_char=49500|end_char=49506
8764	and	_	_	_	_	8763	_	_	start_char=49507|end_char=49510
8765	a	_	_	_	_	8764	_	_	start_char=49511|end_char=49512
8766	mystery.	_	_	_	_	8765	_	_	start_char=49513|end_char=49521
8767	He	_	_	_	_	8766	_	_	start_char=49522|end_char=49524
8768	might	_	_	_	_	8767	_	_	start_char=49525|end_char=49530
8769	dissect,	_	_	_	_	8768	_	_	start_char=49531|end_char=49539
8770	anatomise,	_	_	_	_	8769	_	_	start_char=49540|end_char=49550
8771	and	_	_	_	_	8770	_	_	start_char=49551|end_char=49554
8772	give	_	_	_	_	8771	_	_	start_char=49555|end_char=49559
8773	names;	_	_	_	_	8772	_	_	start_char=49560|end_char=49566
8774	but,	_	_	_	_	8773	_	_	start_char=49567|end_char=49571
8775	not	_	_	_	_	8774	_	_	start_char=49572|end_char=49575
8776	to	_	_	_	_	8775	_	_	start_char=49576|end_char=49578
8777	speak	_	_	_	_	8776	_	_	start_char=49579|end_char=49584
8778	of	_	_	_	_	8777	_	_	start_char=49585|end_char=49587
8779	a	_	_	_	_	8778	_	_	start_char=49588|end_char=49589
8780	final	_	_	_	_	8779	_	_	start_char=49590|end_char=49595
8781	cause,	_	_	_	_	8780	_	_	start_char=49596|end_char=49602
8782	causes	_	_	_	_	8781	_	_	start_char=49603|end_char=49609
8783	in	_	_	_	_	8782	_	_	start_char=49610|end_char=49612
8784	their	_	_	_	_	8783	_	_	start_char=49613|end_char=49618
8785	secondary	_	_	_	_	8784	_	_	start_char=49619|end_char=49628
8786	and	_	_	_	_	8785	_	_	start_char=49629|end_char=49632
8787	tertiary	_	_	_	_	8786	_	_	start_char=49633|end_char=49641
8788	grades	_	_	_	_	8787	_	_	start_char=49642|end_char=49648
8789	were	_	_	_	_	8788	_	_	start_char=49649|end_char=49653
8790	utterly	_	_	_	_	8789	_	_	start_char=49654|end_char=49661
8791	unknown	_	_	_	_	8790	_	_	start_char=49662|end_char=49669
8792	to	_	_	_	_	8791	_	_	start_char=49670|end_char=49672
8793	him.	_	_	_	_	8792	_	_	start_char=49673|end_char=49677
8794	I	_	_	_	_	8793	_	_	start_char=49678|end_char=49679
8795	had	_	_	_	_	8794	_	_	start_char=49680|end_char=49683
8796	gazed	_	_	_	_	8795	_	_	start_char=49684|end_char=49689
8797	upon	_	_	_	_	8796	_	_	start_char=49690|end_char=49694
8798	the	_	_	_	_	8797	_	_	start_char=49695|end_char=49698
8799	fortifications	_	_	_	_	8798	_	_	start_char=49699|end_char=49713
8800	and	_	_	_	_	8799	_	_	start_char=49714|end_char=49717
8801	impediments	_	_	_	_	8800	_	_	start_char=49718|end_char=49729
8802	that	_	_	_	_	8801	_	_	start_char=49730|end_char=49734
8803	seemed	_	_	_	_	8802	_	_	start_char=49735|end_char=49741
8804	to	_	_	_	_	8803	_	_	start_char=49742|end_char=49744
8805	keep	_	_	_	_	8804	_	_	start_char=49745|end_char=49749
8806	human	_	_	_	_	8805	_	_	start_char=49750|end_char=49755
8807	beings	_	_	_	_	8806	_	_	start_char=49756|end_char=49762
8808	from	_	_	_	_	8807	_	_	start_char=49763|end_char=49767
8809	entering	_	_	_	_	8808	_	_	start_char=49768|end_char=49776
8810	the	_	_	_	_	8809	_	_	start_char=49777|end_char=49780
8811	citadel	_	_	_	_	8810	_	_	start_char=49781|end_char=49788
8812	of	_	_	_	_	8811	_	_	start_char=49789|end_char=49791
8813	nature,	_	_	_	_	8812	_	_	start_char=49792|end_char=49799
8814	and	_	_	_	_	8813	_	_	start_char=49800|end_char=49803
8815	rashly	_	_	_	_	8814	_	_	start_char=49804|end_char=49810
8816	and	_	_	_	_	8815	_	_	start_char=49811|end_char=49814
8817	ignorantly	_	_	_	_	8816	_	_	start_char=49815|end_char=49825
8818	I	_	_	_	_	8817	_	_	start_char=49826|end_char=49827
8819	had	_	_	_	_	8818	_	_	start_char=49828|end_char=49831
8820	repined.	_	_	_	_	8819	_	_	start_char=49832|end_char=49840
8821	But	_	_	_	_	8820	_	_	start_char=49841|end_char=49844
8822	here	_	_	_	_	8821	_	_	start_char=49845|end_char=49849
8823	were	_	_	_	_	8822	_	_	start_char=49850|end_char=49854
8824	books,	_	_	_	_	8823	_	_	start_char=49855|end_char=49861
8825	and	_	_	_	_	8824	_	_	start_char=49862|end_char=49865
8826	here	_	_	_	_	8825	_	_	start_char=49866|end_char=49870
8827	were	_	_	_	_	8826	_	_	start_char=49871|end_char=49875
8828	men	_	_	_	_	8827	_	_	start_char=49876|end_char=49879
8829	who	_	_	_	_	8828	_	_	start_char=49880|end_char=49883
8830	had	_	_	_	_	8829	_	_	start_char=49884|end_char=49887
8831	penetrated	_	_	_	_	8830	_	_	start_char=49888|end_char=49898
8832	deeper	_	_	_	_	8831	_	_	start_char=49899|end_char=49905
8833	and	_	_	_	_	8832	_	_	start_char=49906|end_char=49909
8834	knew	_	_	_	_	8833	_	_	start_char=49910|end_char=49914
8835	more.	_	_	_	_	8834	_	_	start_char=49915|end_char=49920
8836	I	_	_	_	_	8835	_	_	start_char=49921|end_char=49922
8837	took	_	_	_	_	8836	_	_	start_char=49923|end_char=49927
8838	their	_	_	_	_	8837	_	_	start_char=49928|end_char=49933
8839	word	_	_	_	_	8838	_	_	start_char=49934|end_char=49938
8840	for	_	_	_	_	8839	_	_	start_char=49939|end_char=49942
8841	all	_	_	_	_	8840	_	_	start_char=49943|end_char=49946
8842	that	_	_	_	_	8841	_	_	start_char=49947|end_char=49951
8843	they	_	_	_	_	8842	_	_	start_char=49952|end_char=49956
8844	averred,	_	_	_	_	8843	_	_	start_char=49957|end_char=49965
8845	and	_	_	_	_	8844	_	_	start_char=49966|end_char=49969
8846	I	_	_	_	_	8845	_	_	start_char=49970|end_char=49971
8847	became	_	_	_	_	8846	_	_	start_char=49972|end_char=49978
8848	their	_	_	_	_	8847	_	_	start_char=49979|end_char=49984
8849	disciple.	_	_	_	_	8848	_	_	start_char=49985|end_char=49994
8850	It	_	_	_	_	8849	_	_	start_char=49995|end_char=49997
8851	may	_	_	_	_	8850	_	_	start_char=49998|end_char=50001
8852	appear	_	_	_	_	8851	_	_	start_char=50002|end_char=50008
8853	strange	_	_	_	_	8852	_	_	start_char=50009|end_char=50016
8854	that	_	_	_	_	8853	_	_	start_char=50017|end_char=50021
8855	such	_	_	_	_	8854	_	_	start_char=50022|end_char=50026
8856	should	_	_	_	_	8855	_	_	start_char=50027|end_char=50033
8857	arise	_	_	_	_	8856	_	_	start_char=50034|end_char=50039
8858	in	_	_	_	_	8857	_	_	start_char=50040|end_char=50042
8859	the	_	_	_	_	8858	_	_	start_char=50043|end_char=50046
8860	eighteenth	_	_	_	_	8859	_	_	start_char=50047|end_char=50057
8861	century;	_	_	_	_	8860	_	_	start_char=50058|end_char=50066
8862	but	_	_	_	_	8861	_	_	start_char=50067|end_char=50070
8863	while	_	_	_	_	8862	_	_	start_char=50071|end_char=50076
8864	I	_	_	_	_	8863	_	_	start_char=50077|end_char=50078
8865	followed	_	_	_	_	8864	_	_	start_char=50079|end_char=50087
8866	the	_	_	_	_	8865	_	_	start_char=50088|end_char=50091
8867	routine	_	_	_	_	8866	_	_	start_char=50092|end_char=50099
8868	of	_	_	_	_	8867	_	_	start_char=50100|end_char=50102
8869	education	_	_	_	_	8868	_	_	start_char=50103|end_char=50112
8870	in	_	_	_	_	8869	_	_	start_char=50113|end_char=50115
8871	the	_	_	_	_	8870	_	_	start_char=50116|end_char=50119
8872	schools	_	_	_	_	8871	_	_	start_char=50120|end_char=50127
8873	of	_	_	_	_	8872	_	_	start_char=50128|end_char=50130
8874	Geneva,	_	_	_	_	8873	_	_	start_char=50131|end_char=50138
8875	I	_	_	_	_	8874	_	_	start_char=50139|end_char=50140
8876	was,	_	_	_	_	8875	_	_	start_char=50141|end_char=50145
8877	to	_	_	_	_	8876	_	_	start_char=50146|end_char=50148
8878	a	_	_	_	_	8877	_	_	start_char=50149|end_char=50150
8879	great	_	_	_	_	8878	_	_	start_char=50151|end_char=50156
8880	degree,	_	_	_	_	8879	_	_	start_char=50157|end_char=50164
8881	self-taught	_	_	_	_	8880	_	_	start_char=50165|end_char=50176
8882	with	_	_	_	_	8881	_	_	start_char=50177|end_char=50181
8883	regard	_	_	_	_	8882	_	_	start_char=50182|end_char=50188
8884	to	_	_	_	_	8883	_	_	start_char=50189|end_char=50191
8885	my	_	_	_	_	8884	_	_	start_char=50192|end_char=50194
8886	favourite	_	_	_	_	8885	_	_	start_char=50195|end_char=50204
8887	studies.	_	_	_	_	8886	_	_	start_char=50205|end_char=50213
8888	My	_	_	_	_	8887	_	_	start_char=50214|end_char=50216
8889	father	_	_	_	_	8888	_	_	start_char=50217|end_char=50223
8890	was	_	_	_	_	8889	_	_	start_char=50224|end_char=50227
8891	not	_	_	_	_	8890	_	_	start_char=50228|end_char=50231
8892	scientific,	_	_	_	_	8891	_	_	start_char=50232|end_char=50243
8893	and	_	_	_	_	8892	_	_	start_char=50244|end_char=50247
8894	I	_	_	_	_	8893	_	_	start_char=50248|end_char=50249
8895	was	_	_	_	_	8894	_	_	start_char=50250|end_char=50253
8896	left	_	_	_	_	8895	_	_	start_char=50254|end_char=50258
8897	to	_	_	_	_	8896	_	_	start_char=50259|end_char=50261
8898	struggle	_	_	_	_	8897	_	_	start_char=50262|end_char=50270
8899	with	_	_	_	_	8898	_	_	start_char=50271|end_char=50275
8900	a	_	_	_	_	8899	_	_	start_char=50276|end_char=50277
8901	child’s	_	_	_	_	8900	_	_	start_char=50278|end_char=50285
8902	blindness,	_	_	_	_	8901	_	_	start_char=50286|end_char=50296
8903	added	_	_	_	_	8902	_	_	start_char=50297|end_char=50302
8904	to	_	_	_	_	8903	_	_	start_char=50303|end_char=50305
8905	a	_	_	_	_	8904	_	_	start_char=50306|end_char=50307
8906	student’s	_	_	_	_	8905	_	_	start_char=50308|end_char=50317
8907	thirst	_	_	_	_	8906	_	_	start_char=50318|end_char=50324
8908	for	_	_	_	_	8907	_	_	start_char=50325|end_char=50328
8909	knowledge.	_	_	_	_	8908	_	_	start_char=50329|end_char=50339
8910	Under	_	_	_	_	8909	_	_	start_char=50340|end_char=50345
8911	the	_	_	_	_	8910	_	_	start_char=50346|end_char=50349
8912	guidance	_	_	_	_	8911	_	_	start_char=50350|end_char=50358
8913	of	_	_	_	_	8912	_	_	start_char=50359|end_char=50361
8914	my	_	_	_	_	8913	_	_	start_char=50362|end_char=50364
8915	new	_	_	_	_	8914	_	_	start_char=50365|end_char=50368
8916	preceptors	_	_	_	_	8915	_	_	start_char=50369|end_char=50379
8917	I	_	_	_	_	8916	_	_	start_char=50380|end_char=50381
8918	entered	_	_	_	_	8917	_	_	start_char=50382|end_char=50389
8919	with	_	_	_	_	8918	_	_	start_char=50390|end_char=50394
8920	the	_	_	_	_	8919	_	_	start_char=50395|end_char=50398
8921	greatest	_	_	_	_	8920	_	_	start_char=50399|end_char=50407
8922	diligence	_	_	_	_	8921	_	_	start_char=50408|end_char=50417
8923	into	_	_	_	_	8922	_	_	start_char=50418|end_char=50422
8924	the	_	_	_	_	8923	_	_	start_char=50423|end_char=50426
8925	search	_	_	_	_	8924	_	_	start_char=50427|end_char=50433
8926	of	_	_	_	_	8925	_	_	start_char=50434|end_char=50436
8927	the	_	_	_	_	8926	_	_	start_char=50437|end_char=50440
8928	philosopher’s	_	_	_	_	8927	_	_	start_char=50441|end_char=50454
8929	stone	_	_	_	_	8928	_	_	start_char=50455|end_char=50460
8930	and	_	_	_	_	8929	_	_	start_char=50461|end_char=50464
8931	the	_	_	_	_	8930	_	_	start_char=50465|end_char=50468
8932	elixir	_	_	_	_	8931	_	_	start_char=50469|end_char=50475
8933	of	_	_	_	_	8932	_	_	start_char=50476|end_char=50478
8934	life;	_	_	_	_	8933	_	_	start_char=50479|end_char=50484
8935	but	_	_	_	_	8934	_	_	start_char=50485|end_char=50488
8936	the	_	_	_	_	8935	_	_	start_char=50489|end_char=50492
8937	latter	_	_	_	_	8936	_	_	start_char=50493|end_char=50499
8938	soon	_	_	_	_	8937	_	_	start_char=50500|end_char=50504
8939	obtained	_	_	_	_	8938	_	_	start_char=50505|end_char=50513
8940	my	_	_	_	_	8939	_	_	start_char=50514|end_char=50516
8941	undivided	_	_	_	_	8940	_	_	start_char=50517|end_char=50526
8942	attention.	_	_	_	_	8941	_	_	start_char=50527|end_char=50537
8943	Wealth	_	_	_	_	8942	_	_	start_char=50538|end_char=50544
8944	was	_	_	_	_	8943	_	_	start_char=50545|end_char=50548
8945	an	_	_	_	_	8944	_	_	start_char=50549|end_char=50551
8946	inferior	_	_	_	_	8945	_	_	start_char=50552|end_char=50560
8947	object,	_	_	_	_	8946	_	_	start_char=50561|end_char=50568
8948	but	_	_	_	_	8947	_	_	start_char=50569|end_char=50572
8949	what	_	_	_	_	8948	_	_	start_char=50573|end_char=50577
8950	glory	_	_	_	_	8949	_	_	start_char=50578|end_char=50583
8951	would	_	_	_	_	8950	_	_	start_char=50584|end_char=50589
8952	attend	_	_	_	_	8951	_	_	start_char=50590|end_char=50596
8953	the	_	_	_	_	8952	_	_	start_char=50597|end_char=50600
8954	discovery	_	_	_	_	8953	_	_	start_char=50601|end_char=50610
8955	if	_	_	_	_	8954	_	_	start_char=50611|end_char=50613
8956	I	_	_	_	_	8955	_	_	start_char=50614|end_char=50615
8957	could	_	_	_	_	8956	_	_	start_char=50616|end_char=50621
8958	banish	_	_	_	_	8957	_	_	start_char=50622|end_char=50628
8959	disease	_	_	_	_	8958	_	_	start_char=50629|end_char=50636
8960	from	_	_	_	_	8959	_	_	start_char=50637|end_char=50641
8961	the	_	_	_	_	8960	_	_	start_char=50642|end_char=50645
8962	human	_	_	_	_	8961	_	_	start_char=50646|end_char=50651
8963	frame	_	_	_	_	8962	_	_	start_char=50652|end_char=50657
8964	and	_	_	_	_	8963	_	_	start_char=50658|end_char=50661
8965	render	_	_	_	_	8964	_	_	start_char=50662|end_char=50668
8966	man	_	_	_	_	8965	_	_	start_char=50669|end_char=50672
8967	invulnerable	_	_	_	_	8966	_	_	start_char=50673|end_char=50685
8968	to	_	_	_	_	8967	_	_	start_char=50686|end_char=50688
8969	any	_	_	_	_	8968	_	_	start_char=50689|end_char=50692
8970	but	_	_	_	_	8969	_	_	start_char=50693|end_char=50696
8971	a	_	_	_	_	8970	_	_	start_char=50697|end_char=50698
8972	violent	_	_	_	_	8971	_	_	start_char=50699|end_char=50706
8973	death!	_	_	_	_	8972	_	_	start_char=50707|end_char=50713
8974	Nor	_	_	_	_	8973	_	_	start_char=50714|end_char=50717
8975	were	_	_	_	_	8974	_	_	start_char=50718|end_char=50722
8976	these	_	_	_	_	8975	_	_	start_char=50723|end_char=50728
8977	my	_	_	_	_	8976	_	_	start_char=50729|end_char=50731
8978	only	_	_	_	_	8977	_	_	start_char=50732|end_char=50736
8979	visions.	_	_	_	_	8978	_	_	start_char=50737|end_char=50745
8980	The	_	_	_	_	8979	_	_	start_char=50746|end_char=50749
8981	raising	_	_	_	_	8980	_	_	start_char=50750|end_char=50757
8982	of	_	_	_	_	8981	_	_	start_char=50758|end_char=50760
8983	ghosts	_	_	_	_	8982	_	_	start_char=50761|end_char=50767
8984	or	_	_	_	_	8983	_	_	start_char=50768|end_char=50770
8985	devils	_	_	_	_	8984	_	_	start_char=50771|end_char=50777
8986	was	_	_	_	_	8985	_	_	start_char=50778|end_char=50781
8987	a	_	_	_	_	8986	_	_	start_char=50782|end_char=50783
8988	promise	_	_	_	_	8987	_	_	start_char=50784|end_char=50791
8989	liberally	_	_	_	_	8988	_	_	start_char=50792|end_char=50801
8990	accorded	_	_	_	_	8989	_	_	start_char=50802|end_char=50810
8991	by	_	_	_	_	8990	_	_	start_char=50811|end_char=50813
8992	my	_	_	_	_	8991	_	_	start_char=50814|end_char=50816
8993	favourite	_	_	_	_	8992	_	_	start_char=50817|end_char=50826
8994	authors,	_	_	_	_	8993	_	_	start_char=50827|end_char=50835
8995	the	_	_	_	_	8994	_	_	start_char=50836|end_char=50839
8996	fulfilment	_	_	_	_	8995	_	_	start_char=50840|end_char=50850
8997	of	_	_	_	_	8996	_	_	start_char=50851|end_char=50853
8998	which	_	_	_	_	8997	_	_	start_char=50854|end_char=50859
8999	I	_	_	_	_	8998	_	_	start_char=50860|end_char=50861
9000	most	_	_	_	_	8999	_	_	start_char=50862|end_char=50866
9001	eagerly	_	_	_	_	9000	_	_	start_char=50867|end_char=50874
9002	sought;	_	_	_	_	9001	_	_	start_char=50875|end_char=50882
9003	and	_	_	_	_	9002	_	_	start_char=50883|end_char=50886
9004	if	_	_	_	_	9003	_	_	start_char=50887|end_char=50889
9005	my	_	_	_	_	9004	_	_	start_char=50890|end_char=50892
9006	incantations	_	_	_	_	9005	_	_	start_char=50893|end_char=50905
9007	were	_	_	_	_	9006	_	_	start_char=50906|end_char=50910
9008	always	_	_	_	_	9007	_	_	start_char=50911|end_char=50917
9009	unsuccessful,	_	_	_	_	9008	_	_	start_char=50918|end_char=50931
9010	I	_	_	_	_	9009	_	_	start_char=50932|end_char=50933
9011	attributed	_	_	_	_	9010	_	_	start_char=50934|end_char=50944
9012	the	_	_	_	_	9011	_	_	start_char=50945|end_char=50948
9013	failure	_	_	_	_	9012	_	_	start_char=50949|end_char=50956
9014	rather	_	_	_	_	9013	_	_	start_char=50957|end_char=50963
9015	to	_	_	_	_	9014	_	_	start_char=50964|end_char=50966
9016	my	_	_	_	_	9015	_	_	start_char=50967|end_char=50969
9017	own	_	_	_	_	9016	_	_	start_char=50970|end_char=50973
9018	inexperience	_	_	_	_	9017	_	_	start_char=50974|end_char=50986
9019	and	_	_	_	_	9018	_	_	start_char=50987|end_char=50990
9020	mistake	_	_	_	_	9019	_	_	start_char=50991|end_char=50998
9021	than	_	_	_	_	9020	_	_	start_char=50999|end_char=51003
9022	to	_	_	_	_	9021	_	_	start_char=51004|end_char=51006
9023	a	_	_	_	_	9022	_	_	start_char=51007|end_char=51008
9024	want	_	_	_	_	9023	_	_	start_char=51009|end_char=51013
9025	of	_	_	_	_	9024	_	_	start_char=51014|end_char=51016
9026	skill	_	_	_	_	9025	_	_	start_char=51017|end_char=51022
9027	or	_	_	_	_	9026	_	_	start_char=51023|end_char=51025
9028	fidelity	_	_	_	_	9027	_	_	start_char=51026|end_char=51034
9029	in	_	_	_	_	9028	_	_	start_char=51035|end_char=51037
9030	my	_	_	_	_	9029	_	_	start_char=51038|end_char=51040
9031	instructors.	_	_	_	_	9030	_	_	start_char=51041|end_char=51053
9032	And	_	_	_	_	9031	_	_	start_char=51054|end_char=51057
9033	thus	_	_	_	_	9032	_	_	start_char=51058|end_char=51062
9034	for	_	_	_	_	9033	_	_	start_char=51063|end_char=51066
9035	a	_	_	_	_	9034	_	_	start_char=51067|end_char=51068
9036	time	_	_	_	_	9035	_	_	start_char=51069|end_char=51073
9037	I	_	_	_	_	9036	_	_	start_char=51074|end_char=51075
9038	was	_	_	_	_	9037	_	_	start_char=51076|end_char=51079
9039	occupied	_	_	_	_	9038	_	_	start_char=51080|end_char=51088
9040	by	_	_	_	_	9039	_	_	start_char=51089|end_char=51091
9041	exploded	_	_	_	_	9040	_	_	start_char=51092|end_char=51100
9042	systems,	_	_	_	_	9041	_	_	start_char=51101|end_char=51109
9043	mingling,	_	_	_	_	9042	_	_	start_char=51110|end_char=51119
9044	like	_	_	_	_	9043	_	_	start_char=51120|end_char=51124
9045	an	_	_	_	_	9044	_	_	start_char=51125|end_char=51127
9046	unadept,	_	_	_	_	9045	_	_	start_char=51128|end_char=51136
9047	a	_	_	_	_	9046	_	_	start_char=51137|end_char=51138
9048	thousand	_	_	_	_	9047	_	_	start_char=51139|end_char=51147
9049	contradictory	_	_	_	_	9048	_	_	start_char=51148|end_char=51161
9050	theories	_	_	_	_	9049	_	_	start_char=51162|end_char=51170
9051	and	_	_	_	_	9050	_	_	start_char=51171|end_char=51174
9052	floundering	_	_	_	_	9051	_	_	start_char=51175|end_char=51186
9053	desperately	_	_	_	_	9052	_	_	start_char=51187|end_char=51198
9054	in	_	_	_	_	9053	_	_	start_char=51199|end_char=51201
9055	a	_	_	_	_	9054	_	_	start_char=51202|end_char=51203
9056	very	_	_	_	_	9055	_	_	start_char=51204|end_char=51208
9057	slough	_	_	_	_	9056	_	_	start_char=51209|end_char=51215
9058	of	_	_	_	_	9057	_	_	start_char=51216|end_char=51218
9059	multifarious	_	_	_	_	9058	_	_	start_char=51219|end_char=51231
9060	knowledge,	_	_	_	_	9059	_	_	start_char=51232|end_char=51242
9061	guided	_	_	_	_	9060	_	_	start_char=51243|end_char=51249
9062	by	_	_	_	_	9061	_	_	start_char=51250|end_char=51252
9063	an	_	_	_	_	9062	_	_	start_char=51253|end_char=51255
9064	ardent	_	_	_	_	9063	_	_	start_char=51256|end_char=51262
9065	imagination	_	_	_	_	9064	_	_	start_char=51263|end_char=51274
9066	and	_	_	_	_	9065	_	_	start_char=51275|end_char=51278
9067	childish	_	_	_	_	9066	_	_	start_char=51279|end_char=51287
9068	reasoning,	_	_	_	_	9067	_	_	start_char=51288|end_char=51298
9069	till	_	_	_	_	9068	_	_	start_char=51299|end_char=51303
9070	an	_	_	_	_	9069	_	_	start_char=51304|end_char=51306
9071	accident	_	_	_	_	9070	_	_	start_char=51307|end_char=51315
9072	again	_	_	_	_	9071	_	_	start_char=51316|end_char=51321
9073	changed	_	_	_	_	9072	_	_	start_char=51322|end_char=51329
9074	the	_	_	_	_	9073	_	_	start_char=51330|end_char=51333
9075	current	_	_	_	_	9074	_	_	start_char=51334|end_char=51341
9076	of	_	_	_	_	9075	_	_	start_char=51342|end_char=51344
9077	my	_	_	_	_	9076	_	_	start_char=51345|end_char=51347
9078	ideas.	_	_	_	_	9077	_	_	start_char=51348|end_char=51354
9079	When	_	_	_	_	9078	_	_	start_char=51355|end_char=51359
9080	I	_	_	_	_	9079	_	_	start_char=51360|end_char=51361
9081	was	_	_	_	_	9080	_	_	start_char=51362|end_char=51365
9082	about	_	_	_	_	9081	_	_	start_char=51366|end_char=51371
9083	fifteen	_	_	_	_	9082	_	_	start_char=51372|end_char=51379
9084	years	_	_	_	_	9083	_	_	start_char=51380|end_char=51385
9085	old	_	_	_	_	9084	_	_	start_char=51386|end_char=51389
9086	we	_	_	_	_	9085	_	_	start_char=51390|end_char=51392
9087	had	_	_	_	_	9086	_	_	start_char=51393|end_char=51396
9088	retired	_	_	_	_	9087	_	_	start_char=51397|end_char=51404
9089	to	_	_	_	_	9088	_	_	start_char=51405|end_char=51407
9090	our	_	_	_	_	9089	_	_	start_char=51408|end_char=51411
9091	house	_	_	_	_	9090	_	_	start_char=51412|end_char=51417
9092	near	_	_	_	_	9091	_	_	start_char=51418|end_char=51422
9093	Belrive,	_	_	_	_	9092	_	_	start_char=51423|end_char=51431
9094	when	_	_	_	_	9093	_	_	start_char=51432|end_char=51436
9095	we	_	_	_	_	9094	_	_	start_char=51437|end_char=51439
9096	witnessed	_	_	_	_	9095	_	_	start_char=51440|end_char=51449
9097	a	_	_	_	_	9096	_	_	start_char=51450|end_char=51451
9098	most	_	_	_	_	9097	_	_	start_char=51452|end_char=51456
9099	violent	_	_	_	_	9098	_	_	start_char=51457|end_char=51464
9100	and	_	_	_	_	9099	_	_	start_char=51465|end_char=51468
9101	terrible	_	_	_	_	9100	_	_	start_char=51469|end_char=51477
9102	thunderstorm.	_	_	_	_	9101	_	_	start_char=51478|end_char=51491
9103	It	_	_	_	_	9102	_	_	start_char=51492|end_char=51494
9104	advanced	_	_	_	_	9103	_	_	start_char=51495|end_char=51503
9105	from	_	_	_	_	9104	_	_	start_char=51504|end_char=51508
9106	behind	_	_	_	_	9105	_	_	start_char=51509|end_char=51515
9107	the	_	_	_	_	9106	_	_	start_char=51516|end_char=51519
9108	mountains	_	_	_	_	9107	_	_	start_char=51520|end_char=51529
9109	of	_	_	_	_	9108	_	_	start_char=51530|end_char=51532
9110	Jura,	_	_	_	_	9109	_	_	start_char=51533|end_char=51538
9111	and	_	_	_	_	9110	_	_	start_char=51539|end_char=51542
9112	the	_	_	_	_	9111	_	_	start_char=51543|end_char=51546
9113	thunder	_	_	_	_	9112	_	_	start_char=51547|end_char=51554
9114	burst	_	_	_	_	9113	_	_	start_char=51555|end_char=51560
9115	at	_	_	_	_	9114	_	_	start_char=51561|end_char=51563
9116	once	_	_	_	_	9115	_	_	start_char=51564|end_char=51568
9117	with	_	_	_	_	9116	_	_	start_char=51569|end_char=51573
9118	frightful	_	_	_	_	9117	_	_	start_char=51574|end_char=51583
9119	loudness	_	_	_	_	9118	_	_	start_char=51584|end_char=51592
9120	from	_	_	_	_	9119	_	_	start_char=51593|end_char=51597
9121	various	_	_	_	_	9120	_	_	start_char=51598|end_char=51605
9122	quarters	_	_	_	_	9121	_	_	start_char=51606|end_char=51614
9123	of	_	_	_	_	9122	_	_	start_char=51615|end_char=51617
9124	the	_	_	_	_	9123	_	_	start_char=51618|end_char=51621
9125	heavens.	_	_	_	_	9124	_	_	start_char=51622|end_char=51630
9126	I	_	_	_	_	9125	_	_	start_char=51631|end_char=51632
9127	remained,	_	_	_	_	9126	_	_	start_char=51633|end_char=51642
9128	while	_	_	_	_	9127	_	_	start_char=51643|end_char=51648
9129	the	_	_	_	_	9128	_	_	start_char=51649|end_char=51652
9130	storm	_	_	_	_	9129	_	_	start_char=51653|end_char=51658
9131	lasted,	_	_	_	_	9130	_	_	start_char=51659|end_char=51666
9132	watching	_	_	_	_	9131	_	_	start_char=51667|end_char=51675
9133	its	_	_	_	_	9132	_	_	start_char=51676|end_char=51679
9134	progress	_	_	_	_	9133	_	_	start_char=51680|end_char=51688
9135	with	_	_	_	_	9134	_	_	start_char=51689|end_char=51693
9136	curiosity	_	_	_	_	9135	_	_	start_char=51694|end_char=51703
9137	and	_	_	_	_	9136	_	_	start_char=51704|end_char=51707
9138	delight.	_	_	_	_	9137	_	_	start_char=51708|end_char=51716
9139	As	_	_	_	_	9138	_	_	start_char=51717|end_char=51719
9140	I	_	_	_	_	9139	_	_	start_char=51720|end_char=51721
9141	stood	_	_	_	_	9140	_	_	start_char=51722|end_char=51727
9142	at	_	_	_	_	9141	_	_	start_char=51728|end_char=51730
9143	the	_	_	_	_	9142	_	_	start_char=51731|end_char=51734
9144	door,	_	_	_	_	9143	_	_	start_char=51735|end_char=51740
9145	on	_	_	_	_	9144	_	_	start_char=51741|end_char=51743
9146	a	_	_	_	_	9145	_	_	start_char=51744|end_char=51745
9147	sudden	_	_	_	_	9146	_	_	start_char=51746|end_char=51752
9148	I	_	_	_	_	9147	_	_	start_char=51753|end_char=51754
9149	beheld	_	_	_	_	9148	_	_	start_char=51755|end_char=51761
9150	a	_	_	_	_	9149	_	_	start_char=51762|end_char=51763
9151	stream	_	_	_	_	9150	_	_	start_char=51764|end_char=51770
9152	of	_	_	_	_	9151	_	_	start_char=51771|end_char=51773
9153	fire	_	_	_	_	9152	_	_	start_char=51774|end_char=51778
9154	issue	_	_	_	_	9153	_	_	start_char=51779|end_char=51784
9155	from	_	_	_	_	9154	_	_	start_char=51785|end_char=51789
9156	an	_	_	_	_	9155	_	_	start_char=51790|end_char=51792
9157	old	_	_	_	_	9156	_	_	start_char=51793|end_char=51796
9158	and	_	_	_	_	9157	_	_	start_char=51797|end_char=51800
9159	beautiful	_	_	_	_	9158	_	_	start_char=51801|end_char=51810
9160	oak	_	_	_	_	9159	_	_	start_char=51811|end_char=51814
9161	which	_	_	_	_	9160	_	_	start_char=51815|end_char=51820
9162	stood	_	_	_	_	9161	_	_	start_char=51821|end_char=51826
9163	about	_	_	_	_	9162	_	_	start_char=51827|end_char=51832
9164	twenty	_	_	_	_	9163	_	_	start_char=51833|end_char=51839
9165	yards	_	_	_	_	9164	_	_	start_char=51840|end_char=51845
9166	from	_	_	_	_	9165	_	_	start_char=51846|end_char=51850
9167	our	_	_	_	_	9166	_	_	start_char=51851|end_char=51854
9168	house;	_	_	_	_	9167	_	_	start_char=51855|end_char=51861
9169	and	_	_	_	_	9168	_	_	start_char=51862|end_char=51865
9170	so	_	_	_	_	9169	_	_	start_char=51866|end_char=51868
9171	soon	_	_	_	_	9170	_	_	start_char=51869|end_char=51873
9172	as	_	_	_	_	9171	_	_	start_char=51874|end_char=51876
9173	the	_	_	_	_	9172	_	_	start_char=51877|end_char=51880
9174	dazzling	_	_	_	_	9173	_	_	start_char=51881|end_char=51889
9175	light	_	_	_	_	9174	_	_	start_char=51890|end_char=51895
9176	vanished,	_	_	_	_	9175	_	_	start_char=51896|end_char=51905
9177	the	_	_	_	_	9176	_	_	start_char=51906|end_char=51909
9178	oak	_	_	_	_	9177	_	_	start_char=51910|end_char=51913
9179	had	_	_	_	_	9178	_	_	start_char=51914|end_char=51917
9180	disappeared,	_	_	_	_	9179	_	_	start_char=51918|end_char=51930
9181	and	_	_	_	_	9180	_	_	start_char=51931|end_char=51934
9182	nothing	_	_	_	_	9181	_	_	start_char=51935|end_char=51942
9183	remained	_	_	_	_	9182	_	_	start_char=51943|end_char=51951
9184	but	_	_	_	_	9183	_	_	start_char=51952|end_char=51955
9185	a	_	_	_	_	9184	_	_	start_char=51956|end_char=51957
9186	blasted	_	_	_	_	9185	_	_	start_char=51958|end_char=51965
9187	stump.	_	_	_	_	9186	_	_	start_char=51966|end_char=51972
9188	When	_	_	_	_	9187	_	_	start_char=51973|end_char=51977
9189	we	_	_	_	_	9188	_	_	start_char=51978|end_char=51980
9190	visited	_	_	_	_	9189	_	_	start_char=51981|end_char=51988
9191	it	_	_	_	_	9190	_	_	start_char=51989|end_char=51991
9192	the	_	_	_	_	9191	_	_	start_char=51992|end_char=51995
9193	next	_	_	_	_	9192	_	_	start_char=51996|end_char=52000
9194	morning,	_	_	_	_	9193	_	_	start_char=52001|end_char=52009
9195	we	_	_	_	_	9194	_	_	start_char=52010|end_char=52012
9196	found	_	_	_	_	9195	_	_	start_char=52013|end_char=52018
9197	the	_	_	_	_	9196	_	_	start_char=52019|end_char=52022
9198	tree	_	_	_	_	9197	_	_	start_char=52023|end_char=52027
9199	shattered	_	_	_	_	9198	_	_	start_char=52028|end_char=52037
9200	in	_	_	_	_	9199	_	_	start_char=52038|end_char=52040
9201	a	_	_	_	_	9200	_	_	start_char=52041|end_char=52042
9202	singular	_	_	_	_	9201	_	_	start_char=52043|end_char=52051
9203	manner.	_	_	_	_	9202	_	_	start_char=52052|end_char=52059
9204	It	_	_	_	_	9203	_	_	start_char=52060|end_char=52062
9205	was	_	_	_	_	9204	_	_	start_char=52063|end_char=52066
9206	not	_	_	_	_	9205	_	_	start_char=52067|end_char=52070
9207	splintered	_	_	_	_	9206	_	_	start_char=52071|end_char=52081
9208	by	_	_	_	_	9207	_	_	start_char=52082|end_char=52084
9209	the	_	_	_	_	9208	_	_	start_char=52085|end_char=52088
9210	shock,	_	_	_	_	9209	_	_	start_char=52089|end_char=52095
9211	but	_	_	_	_	9210	_	_	start_char=52096|end_char=52099
9212	entirely	_	_	_	_	9211	_	_	start_char=52100|end_char=52108
9213	reduced	_	_	_	_	9212	_	_	start_char=52109|end_char=52116
9214	to	_	_	_	_	9213	_	_	start_char=52117|end_char=52119
9215	thin	_	_	_	_	9214	_	_	start_char=52120|end_char=52124
9216	ribbons	_	_	_	_	9215	_	_	start_char=52125|end_char=52132
9217	of	_	_	_	_	9216	_	_	start_char=52133|end_char=52135
9218	wood.	_	_	_	_	9217	_	_	start_char=52136|end_char=52141
9219	I	_	_	_	_	9218	_	_	start_char=52142|end_char=52143
9220	never	_	_	_	_	9219	_	_	start_char=52144|end_char=52149
9221	beheld	_	_	_	_	9220	_	_	start_char=52150|end_char=52156
9222	anything	_	_	_	_	9221	_	_	start_char=52157|end_char=52165
9223	so	_	_	_	_	9222	_	_	start_char=52166|end_char=52168
9224	utterly	_	_	_	_	9223	_	_	start_char=52169|end_char=52176
9225	destroyed.	_	_	_	_	9224	_	_	start_char=52177|end_char=52187
9226	Before	_	_	_	_	9225	_	_	start_char=52188|end_char=52194
9227	this	_	_	_	_	9226	_	_	start_char=52195|end_char=52199
9228	I	_	_	_	_	9227	_	_	start_char=52200|end_char=52201
9229	was	_	_	_	_	9228	_	_	start_char=52202|end_char=52205
9230	not	_	_	_	_	9229	_	_	start_char=52206|end_char=52209
9231	unacquainted	_	_	_	_	9230	_	_	start_char=52210|end_char=52222
9232	with	_	_	_	_	9231	_	_	start_char=52223|end_char=52227
9233	the	_	_	_	_	9232	_	_	start_char=52228|end_char=52231
9234	more	_	_	_	_	9233	_	_	start_char=52232|end_char=52236
9235	obvious	_	_	_	_	9234	_	_	start_char=52237|end_char=52244
9236	laws	_	_	_	_	9235	_	_	start_char=52245|end_char=52249
9237	of	_	_	_	_	9236	_	_	start_char=52250|end_char=52252
9238	electricity.	_	_	_	_	9237	_	_	start_char=52253|end_char=52265
9239	On	_	_	_	_	9238	_	_	start_char=52266|end_char=52268
9240	this	_	_	_	_	9239	_	_	start_char=52269|end_char=52273
9241	occasion	_	_	_	_	9240	_	_	start_char=52274|end_char=52282
9242	a	_	_	_	_	9241	_	_	start_char=52283|end_char=52284
9243	man	_	_	_	_	9242	_	_	start_char=52285|end_char=52288
9244	of	_	_	_	_	9243	_	_	start_char=52289|end_char=52291
9245	great	_	_	_	_	9244	_	_	start_char=52292|end_char=52297
9246	research	_	_	_	_	9245	_	_	start_char=52298|end_char=52306
9247	in	_	_	_	_	9246	_	_	start_char=52307|end_char=52309
9248	natural	_	_	_	_	9247	_	_	start_char=52310|end_char=52317
9249	philosophy	_	_	_	_	9248	_	_	start_char=52318|end_char=52328
9250	was	_	_	_	_	9249	_	_	start_char=52329|end_char=52332
9251	with	_	_	_	_	9250	_	_	start_char=52333|end_char=52337
9252	us,	_	_	_	_	9251	_	_	start_char=52338|end_char=52341
9253	and	_	_	_	_	9252	_	_	start_char=52342|end_char=52345
9254	excited	_	_	_	_	9253	_	_	start_char=52346|end_char=52353
9255	by	_	_	_	_	9254	_	_	start_char=52354|end_char=52356
9256	this	_	_	_	_	9255	_	_	start_char=52357|end_char=52361
9257	catastrophe,	_	_	_	_	9256	_	_	start_char=52362|end_char=52374
9258	he	_	_	_	_	9257	_	_	start_char=52375|end_char=52377
9259	entered	_	_	_	_	9258	_	_	start_char=52378|end_char=52385
9260	on	_	_	_	_	9259	_	_	start_char=52386|end_char=52388
9261	the	_	_	_	_	9260	_	_	start_char=52389|end_char=52392
9262	explanation	_	_	_	_	9261	_	_	start_char=52393|end_char=52404
9263	of	_	_	_	_	9262	_	_	start_char=52405|end_char=52407
9264	a	_	_	_	_	9263	_	_	start_char=52408|end_char=52409
9265	theory	_	_	_	_	9264	_	_	start_char=52410|end_char=52416
9266	which	_	_	_	_	9265	_	_	start_char=52417|end_char=52422
9267	he	_	_	_	_	9266	_	_	start_char=52423|end_char=52425
9268	had	_	_	_	_	9267	_	_	start_char=52426|end_char=52429
9269	formed	_	_	_	_	9268	_	_	start_char=52430|end_char=52436
9270	on	_	_	_	_	9269	_	_	start_char=52437|end_char=52439
9271	the	_	_	_	_	9270	_	_	start_char=52440|end_char=52443
9272	subject	_	_	_	_	9271	_	_	start_char=52444|end_char=52451
9273	of	_	_	_	_	9272	_	_	start_char=52452|end_char=52454
9274	electricity	_	_	_	_	9273	_	_	start_char=52455|end_char=52466
9275	and	_	_	_	_	9274	_	_	start_char=52467|end_char=52470
9276	galvanism,	_	_	_	_	9275	_	_	start_char=52471|end_char=52481
9277	which	_	_	_	_	9276	_	_	start_char=52482|end_char=52487
9278	was	_	_	_	_	9277	_	_	start_char=52488|end_char=52491
9279	at	_	_	_	_	9278	_	_	start_char=52492|end_char=52494
9280	once	_	_	_	_	9279	_	_	start_char=52495|end_char=52499
9281	new	_	_	_	_	9280	_	_	start_char=52500|end_char=52503
9282	and	_	_	_	_	9281	_	_	start_char=52504|end_char=52507
9283	astonishing	_	_	_	_	9282	_	_	start_char=52508|end_char=52519
9284	to	_	_	_	_	9283	_	_	start_char=52520|end_char=52522
9285	me.	_	_	_	_	9284	_	_	start_char=52523|end_char=52526
9286	All	_	_	_	_	9285	_	_	start_char=52527|end_char=52530
9287	that	_	_	_	_	9286	_	_	start_char=52531|end_char=52535
9288	he	_	_	_	_	9287	_	_	start_char=52536|end_char=52538
9289	said	_	_	_	_	9288	_	_	start_char=52539|end_char=52543
9290	threw	_	_	_	_	9289	_	_	start_char=52544|end_char=52549
9291	greatly	_	_	_	_	9290	_	_	start_char=52550|end_char=52557
9292	into	_	_	_	_	9291	_	_	start_char=52558|end_char=52562
9293	the	_	_	_	_	9292	_	_	start_char=52563|end_char=52566
9294	shade	_	_	_	_	9293	_	_	start_char=52567|end_char=52572
9295	Cornelius	_	_	_	_	9294	_	_	start_char=52573|end_char=52582
9296	Agrippa,	_	_	_	_	9295	_	_	start_char=52583|end_char=52591
9297	Albertus	_	_	_	_	9296	_	_	start_char=52592|end_char=52600
9298	Magnus,	_	_	_	_	9297	_	_	start_char=52601|end_char=52608
9299	and	_	_	_	_	9298	_	_	start_char=52609|end_char=52612
9300	Paracelsus,	_	_	_	_	9299	_	_	start_char=52613|end_char=52624
9301	the	_	_	_	_	9300	_	_	start_char=52625|end_char=52628
9302	lords	_	_	_	_	9301	_	_	start_char=52629|end_char=52634
9303	of	_	_	_	_	9302	_	_	start_char=52635|end_char=52637
9304	my	_	_	_	_	9303	_	_	start_char=52638|end_char=52640
9305	imagination;	_	_	_	_	9304	_	_	start_char=52641|end_char=52653
9306	but	_	_	_	_	9305	_	_	start_char=52654|end_char=52657
9307	by	_	_	_	_	9306	_	_	start_char=52658|end_char=52660
9308	some	_	_	_	_	9307	_	_	start_char=52661|end_char=52665
9309	fatality	_	_	_	_	9308	_	_	start_char=52666|end_char=52674
9310	the	_	_	_	_	9309	_	_	start_char=52675|end_char=52678
9311	overthrow	_	_	_	_	9310	_	_	start_char=52679|end_char=52688
9312	of	_	_	_	_	9311	_	_	start_char=52689|end_char=52691
9313	these	_	_	_	_	9312	_	_	start_char=52692|end_char=52697
9314	men	_	_	_	_	9313	_	_	start_char=52698|end_char=52701
9315	disinclined	_	_	_	_	9314	_	_	start_char=52702|end_char=52713
9316	me	_	_	_	_	9315	_	_	start_char=52714|end_char=52716
9317	to	_	_	_	_	9316	_	_	start_char=52717|end_char=52719
9318	pursue	_	_	_	_	9317	_	_	start_char=52720|end_char=52726
9319	my	_	_	_	_	9318	_	_	start_char=52727|end_char=52729
9320	accustomed	_	_	_	_	9319	_	_	start_char=52730|end_char=52740
9321	studies.	_	_	_	_	9320	_	_	start_char=52741|end_char=52749
9322	It	_	_	_	_	9321	_	_	start_char=52750|end_char=52752
9323	seemed	_	_	_	_	9322	_	_	start_char=52753|end_char=52759
9324	to	_	_	_	_	9323	_	_	start_char=52760|end_char=52762
9325	me	_	_	_	_	9324	_	_	start_char=52763|end_char=52765
9326	as	_	_	_	_	9325	_	_	start_char=52766|end_char=52768
9327	if	_	_	_	_	9326	_	_	start_char=52769|end_char=52771
9328	nothing	_	_	_	_	9327	_	_	start_char=52772|end_char=52779
9329	would	_	_	_	_	9328	_	_	start_char=52780|end_char=52785
9330	or	_	_	_	_	9329	_	_	start_char=52786|end_char=52788
9331	could	_	_	_	_	9330	_	_	start_char=52789|end_char=52794
9332	ever	_	_	_	_	9331	_	_	start_char=52795|end_char=52799
9333	be	_	_	_	_	9332	_	_	start_char=52800|end_char=52802
9334	known.	_	_	_	_	9333	_	_	start_char=52803|end_char=52809
9335	All	_	_	_	_	9334	_	_	start_char=52810|end_char=52813
9336	that	_	_	_	_	9335	_	_	start_char=52814|end_char=52818
9337	had	_	_	_	_	9336	_	_	start_char=52819|end_char=52822
9338	so	_	_	_	_	9337	_	_	start_char=52823|end_char=52825
9339	long	_	_	_	_	9338	_	_	start_char=52826|end_char=52830
9340	engaged	_	_	_	_	9339	_	_	start_char=52831|end_char=52838
9341	my	_	_	_	_	9340	_	_	start_char=52839|end_char=52841
9342	attention	_	_	_	_	9341	_	_	start_char=52842|end_char=52851
9343	suddenly	_	_	_	_	9342	_	_	start_char=52852|end_char=52860
9344	grew	_	_	_	_	9343	_	_	start_char=52861|end_char=52865
9345	despicable.	_	_	_	_	9344	_	_	start_char=52866|end_char=52877
9346	By	_	_	_	_	9345	_	_	start_char=52878|end_char=52880
9347	one	_	_	_	_	9346	_	_	start_char=52881|end_char=52884
9348	of	_	_	_	_	9347	_	_	start_char=52885|end_char=52887
9349	those	_	_	_	_	9348	_	_	start_char=52888|end_char=52893
9350	caprices	_	_	_	_	9349	_	_	start_char=52894|end_char=52902
9351	of	_	_	_	_	9350	_	_	start_char=52903|end_char=52905
9352	the	_	_	_	_	9351	_	_	start_char=52906|end_char=52909
9353	mind	_	_	_	_	9352	_	_	start_char=52910|end_char=52914
9354	which	_	_	_	_	9353	_	_	start_char=52915|end_char=52920
9355	we	_	_	_	_	9354	_	_	start_char=52921|end_char=52923
9356	are	_	_	_	_	9355	_	_	start_char=52924|end_char=52927
9357	perhaps	_	_	_	_	9356	_	_	start_char=52928|end_char=52935
9358	most	_	_	_	_	9357	_	_	start_char=52936|end_char=52940
9359	subject	_	_	_	_	9358	_	_	start_char=52941|end_char=52948
9360	to	_	_	_	_	9359	_	_	start_char=52949|end_char=52951
9361	in	_	_	_	_	9360	_	_	start_char=52952|end_char=52954
9362	early	_	_	_	_	9361	_	_	start_char=52955|end_char=52960
9363	youth,	_	_	_	_	9362	_	_	start_char=52961|end_char=52967
9364	I	_	_	_	_	9363	_	_	start_char=52968|end_char=52969
9365	at	_	_	_	_	9364	_	_	start_char=52970|end_char=52972
9366	once	_	_	_	_	9365	_	_	start_char=52973|end_char=52977
9367	gave	_	_	_	_	9366	_	_	start_char=52978|end_char=52982
9368	up	_	_	_	_	9367	_	_	start_char=52983|end_char=52985
9369	my	_	_	_	_	9368	_	_	start_char=52986|end_char=52988
9370	former	_	_	_	_	9369	_	_	start_char=52989|end_char=52995
9371	occupations,	_	_	_	_	9370	_	_	start_char=52996|end_char=53008
9372	set	_	_	_	_	9371	_	_	start_char=53009|end_char=53012
9373	down	_	_	_	_	9372	_	_	start_char=53013|end_char=53017
9374	natural	_	_	_	_	9373	_	_	start_char=53018|end_char=53025
9375	history	_	_	_	_	9374	_	_	start_char=53026|end_char=53033
9376	and	_	_	_	_	9375	_	_	start_char=53034|end_char=53037
9377	all	_	_	_	_	9376	_	_	start_char=53038|end_char=53041
9378	its	_	_	_	_	9377	_	_	start_char=53042|end_char=53045
9379	progeny	_	_	_	_	9378	_	_	start_char=53046|end_char=53053
9380	as	_	_	_	_	9379	_	_	start_char=53054|end_char=53056
9381	a	_	_	_	_	9380	_	_	start_char=53057|end_char=53058
9382	deformed	_	_	_	_	9381	_	_	start_char=53059|end_char=53067
9383	and	_	_	_	_	9382	_	_	start_char=53068|end_char=53071
9384	abortive	_	_	_	_	9383	_	_	start_char=53072|end_char=53080
9385	creation,	_	_	_	_	9384	_	_	start_char=53081|end_char=53090
9386	and	_	_	_	_	9385	_	_	start_char=53091|end_char=53094
9387	entertained	_	_	_	_	9386	_	_	start_char=53095|end_char=53106
9388	the	_	_	_	_	9387	_	_	start_char=53107|end_char=53110
9389	greatest	_	_	_	_	9388	_	_	start_char=53111|end_char=53119
9390	disdain	_	_	_	_	9389	_	_	start_char=53120|end_char=53127
9391	for	_	_	_	_	9390	_	_	start_char=53128|end_char=53131
9392	a	_	_	_	_	9391	_	_	start_char=53132|end_char=53133
9393	would-be	_	_	_	_	9392	_	_	start_char=53134|end_char=53142
9394	science	_	_	_	_	9393	_	_	start_char=53143|end_char=53150
9395	which	_	_	_	_	9394	_	_	start_char=53151|end_char=53156
9396	could	_	_	_	_	9395	_	_	start_char=53157|end_char=53162
9397	never	_	_	_	_	9396	_	_	start_char=53163|end_char=53168
9398	even	_	_	_	_	9397	_	_	start_char=53169|end_char=53173
9399	step	_	_	_	_	9398	_	_	start_char=53174|end_char=53178
9400	within	_	_	_	_	9399	_	_	start_char=53179|end_char=53185
9401	the	_	_	_	_	9400	_	_	start_char=53186|end_char=53189
9402	threshold	_	_	_	_	9401	_	_	start_char=53190|end_char=53199
9403	of	_	_	_	_	9402	_	_	start_char=53200|end_char=53202
9404	real	_	_	_	_	9403	_	_	start_char=53203|end_char=53207
9405	knowledge.	_	_	_	_	9404	_	_	start_char=53208|end_char=53218
9406	In	_	_	_	_	9405	_	_	start_char=53219|end_char=53221
9407	this	_	_	_	_	9406	_	_	start_char=53222|end_char=53226
9408	mood	_	_	_	_	9407	_	_	start_char=53227|end_char=53231
9409	of	_	_	_	_	9408	_	_	start_char=53232|end_char=53234
9410	mind	_	_	_	_	9409	_	_	start_char=53235|end_char=53239
9411	I	_	_	_	_	9410	_	_	start_char=53240|end_char=53241
9412	betook	_	_	_	_	9411	_	_	start_char=53242|end_char=53248
9413	myself	_	_	_	_	9412	_	_	start_char=53249|end_char=53255
9414	to	_	_	_	_	9413	_	_	start_char=53256|end_char=53258
9415	the	_	_	_	_	9414	_	_	start_char=53259|end_char=53262
9416	mathematics	_	_	_	_	9415	_	_	start_char=53263|end_char=53274
9417	and	_	_	_	_	9416	_	_	start_char=53275|end_char=53278
9418	the	_	_	_	_	9417	_	_	start_char=53279|end_char=53282
9419	branches	_	_	_	_	9418	_	_	start_char=53283|end_char=53291
9420	of	_	_	_	_	9419	_	_	start_char=53292|end_char=53294
9421	study	_	_	_	_	9420	_	_	start_char=53295|end_char=53300
9422	appertaining	_	_	_	_	9421	_	_	start_char=53301|end_char=53313
9423	to	_	_	_	_	9422	_	_	start_char=53314|end_char=53316
9424	that	_	_	_	_	9423	_	_	start_char=53317|end_char=53321
9425	science	_	_	_	_	9424	_	_	start_char=53322|end_char=53329
9426	as	_	_	_	_	9425	_	_	start_char=53330|end_char=53332
9427	being	_	_	_	_	9426	_	_	start_char=53333|end_char=53338
9428	built	_	_	_	_	9427	_	_	start_char=53339|end_char=53344
9429	upon	_	_	_	_	9428	_	_	start_char=53345|end_char=53349
9430	secure	_	_	_	_	9429	_	_	start_char=53350|end_char=53356
9431	foundations,	_	_	_	_	9430	_	_	start_char=53357|end_char=53369
9432	and	_	_	_	_	9431	_	_	start_char=53370|end_char=53373
9433	so	_	_	_	_	9432	_	_	start_char=53374|end_char=53376
9434	worthy	_	_	_	_	9433	_	_	start_char=53377|end_char=53383
9435	of	_	_	_	_	9434	_	_	start_char=53384|end_char=53386
9436	my	_	_	_	_	9435	_	_	start_char=53387|end_char=53389
9437	consideration.	_	_	_	_	9436	_	_	start_char=53390|end_char=53404
9438	Thus	_	_	_	_	9437	_	_	start_char=53405|end_char=53409
9439	strangely	_	_	_	_	9438	_	_	start_char=53410|end_char=53419
9440	are	_	_	_	_	9439	_	_	start_char=53420|end_char=53423
9441	our	_	_	_	_	9440	_	_	start_char=53424|end_char=53427
9442	souls	_	_	_	_	9441	_	_	start_char=53428|end_char=53433
9443	constructed,	_	_	_	_	9442	_	_	start_char=53434|end_char=53446
9444	and	_	_	_	_	9443	_	_	start_char=53447|end_char=53450
9445	by	_	_	_	_	9444	_	_	start_char=53451|end_char=53453
9446	such	_	_	_	_	9445	_	_	start_char=53454|end_char=53458
9447	slight	_	_	_	_	9446	_	_	start_char=53459|end_char=53465
9448	ligaments	_	_	_	_	9447	_	_	start_char=53466|end_char=53475
9449	are	_	_	_	_	9448	_	_	start_char=53476|end_char=53479
9450	we	_	_	_	_	9449	_	_	start_char=53480|end_char=53482
9451	bound	_	_	_	_	9450	_	_	start_char=53483|end_char=53488
9452	to	_	_	_	_	9451	_	_	start_char=53489|end_char=53491
9453	prosperity	_	_	_	_	9452	_	_	start_char=53492|end_char=53502
9454	or	_	_	_	_	9453	_	_	start_char=53503|end_char=53505
9455	ruin.	_	_	_	_	9454	_	_	start_char=53506|end_char=53511
9456	When	_	_	_	_	9455	_	_	start_char=53512|end_char=53516
9457	I	_	_	_	_	9456	_	_	start_char=53517|end_char=53518
9458	look	_	_	_	_	9457	_	_	start_char=53519|end_char=53523
9459	back,	_	_	_	_	9458	_	_	start_char=53524|end_char=53529
9460	it	_	_	_	_	9459	_	_	start_char=53530|end_char=53532
9461	seems	_	_	_	_	9460	_	_	start_char=53533|end_char=53538
9462	to	_	_	_	_	9461	_	_	start_char=53539|end_char=53541
9463	me	_	_	_	_	9462	_	_	start_char=53542|end_char=53544
9464	as	_	_	_	_	9463	_	_	start_char=53545|end_char=53547
9465	if	_	_	_	_	9464	_	_	start_char=53548|end_char=53550
9466	this	_	_	_	_	9465	_	_	start_char=53551|end_char=53555
9467	almost	_	_	_	_	9466	_	_	start_char=53556|end_char=53562
9468	miraculous	_	_	_	_	9467	_	_	start_char=53563|end_char=53573
9469	change	_	_	_	_	9468	_	_	start_char=53574|end_char=53580
9470	of	_	_	_	_	9469	_	_	start_char=53581|end_char=53583
9471	inclination	_	_	_	_	9470	_	_	start_char=53584|end_char=53595
9472	and	_	_	_	_	9471	_	_	start_char=53596|end_char=53599
9473	will	_	_	_	_	9472	_	_	start_char=53600|end_char=53604
9474	was	_	_	_	_	9473	_	_	start_char=53605|end_char=53608
9475	the	_	_	_	_	9474	_	_	start_char=53609|end_char=53612
9476	immediate	_	_	_	_	9475	_	_	start_char=53613|end_char=53622
9477	suggestion	_	_	_	_	9476	_	_	start_char=53623|end_char=53633
9478	of	_	_	_	_	9477	_	_	start_char=53634|end_char=53636
9479	the	_	_	_	_	9478	_	_	start_char=53637|end_char=53640
9480	guardian	_	_	_	_	9479	_	_	start_char=53641|end_char=53649
9481	angel	_	_	_	_	9480	_	_	start_char=53650|end_char=53655
9482	of	_	_	_	_	9481	_	_	start_char=53656|end_char=53658
9483	my	_	_	_	_	9482	_	_	start_char=53659|end_char=53661
9484	life—the	_	_	_	_	9483	_	_	start_char=53662|end_char=53670
9485	last	_	_	_	_	9484	_	_	start_char=53671|end_char=53675
9486	effort	_	_	_	_	9485	_	_	start_char=53676|end_char=53682
9487	made	_	_	_	_	9486	_	_	start_char=53683|end_char=53687
9488	by	_	_	_	_	9487	_	_	start_char=53688|end_char=53690
9489	the	_	_	_	_	9488	_	_	start_char=53691|end_char=53694
9490	spirit	_	_	_	_	9489	_	_	start_char=53695|end_char=53701
9491	of	_	_	_	_	9490	_	_	start_char=53702|end_char=53704
9492	preservation	_	_	_	_	9491	_	_	start_char=53705|end_char=53717
9493	to	_	_	_	_	9492	_	_	start_char=53718|end_char=53720
9494	avert	_	_	_	_	9493	_	_	start_char=53721|end_char=53726
9495	the	_	_	_	_	9494	_	_	start_char=53727|end_char=53730
9496	storm	_	_	_	_	9495	_	_	start_char=53731|end_char=53736
9497	that	_	_	_	_	9496	_	_	start_char=53737|end_char=53741
9498	was	_	_	_	_	9497	_	_	start_char=53742|end_char=53745
9499	even	_	_	_	_	9498	_	_	start_char=53746|end_char=53750
9500	then	_	_	_	_	9499	_	_	start_char=53751|end_char=53755
9501	hanging	_	_	_	_	9500	_	_	start_char=53756|end_char=53763
9502	in	_	_	_	_	9501	_	_	start_char=53764|end_char=53766
9503	the	_	_	_	_	9502	_	_	start_char=53767|end_char=53770
9504	stars	_	_	_	_	9503	_	_	start_char=53771|end_char=53776
9505	and	_	_	_	_	9504	_	_	start_char=53777|end_char=53780
9506	ready	_	_	_	_	9505	_	_	start_char=53781|end_char=53786
9507	to	_	_	_	_	9506	_	_	start_char=53787|end_char=53789
9508	envelop	_	_	_	_	9507	_	_	start_char=53790|end_char=53797
9509	me.	_	_	_	_	9508	_	_	start_char=53798|end_char=53801
9510	Her	_	_	_	_	9509	_	_	start_char=53802|end_char=53805
9511	victory	_	_	_	_	9510	_	_	start_char=53806|end_char=53813
9512	was	_	_	_	_	9511	_	_	start_char=53814|end_char=53817
9513	announced	_	_	_	_	9512	_	_	start_char=53818|end_char=53827
9514	by	_	_	_	_	9513	_	_	start_char=53828|end_char=53830
9515	an	_	_	_	_	9514	_	_	start_char=53831|end_char=53833
9516	unusual	_	_	_	_	9515	_	_	start_char=53834|end_char=53841
9517	tranquillity	_	_	_	_	9516	_	_	start_char=53842|end_char=53854
9518	and	_	_	_	_	9517	_	_	start_char=53855|end_char=53858
9519	gladness	_	_	_	_	9518	_	_	start_char=53859|end_char=53867
9520	of	_	_	_	_	9519	_	_	start_char=53868|end_char=53870
9521	soul	_	_	_	_	9520	_	_	start_char=53871|end_char=53875
9522	which	_	_	_	_	9521	_	_	start_char=53876|end_char=53881
9523	followed	_	_	_	_	9522	_	_	start_char=53882|end_char=53890
9524	the	_	_	_	_	9523	_	_	start_char=53891|end_char=53894
9525	relinquishing	_	_	_	_	9524	_	_	start_char=53895|end_char=53908
9526	of	_	_	_	_	9525	_	_	start_char=53909|end_char=53911
9527	my	_	_	_	_	9526	_	_	start_char=53912|end_char=53914
9528	ancient	_	_	_	_	9527	_	_	start_char=53915|end_char=53922
9529	and	_	_	_	_	9528	_	_	start_char=53923|end_char=53926
9530	latterly	_	_	_	_	9529	_	_	start_char=53927|end_char=53935
9531	tormenting	_	_	_	_	9530	_	_	start_char=53936|end_char=53946
9532	studies.	_	_	_	_	9531	_	_	start_char=53947|end_char=53955
9533	It	_	_	_	_	9532	_	_	start_char=53956|end_char=53958
9534	was	_	_	_	_	9533	_	_	start_char=53959|end_char=53962
9535	thus	_	_	_	_	9534	_	_	start_char=53963|end_char=53967
9536	that	_	_	_	_	9535	_	_	start_char=53968|end_char=53972
9537	I	_	_	_	_	9536	_	_	start_char=53973|end_char=53974
9538	was	_	_	_	_	9537	_	_	start_char=53975|end_char=53978
9539	to	_	_	_	_	9538	_	_	start_char=53979|end_char=53981
9540	be	_	_	_	_	9539	_	_	start_char=53982|end_char=53984
9541	taught	_	_	_	_	9540	_	_	start_char=53985|end_char=53991
9542	to	_	_	_	_	9541	_	_	start_char=53992|end_char=53994
9543	associate	_	_	_	_	9542	_	_	start_char=53995|end_char=54004
9544	evil	_	_	_	_	9543	_	_	start_char=54005|end_char=54009
9545	with	_	_	_	_	9544	_	_	start_char=54010|end_char=54014
9546	their	_	_	_	_	9545	_	_	start_char=54015|end_char=54020
9547	prosecution,	_	_	_	_	9546	_	_	start_char=54021|end_char=54033
9548	happiness	_	_	_	_	9547	_	_	start_char=54034|end_char=54043
9549	with	_	_	_	_	9548	_	_	start_char=54044|end_char=54048
9550	their	_	_	_	_	9549	_	_	start_char=54049|end_char=54054
9551	disregard.	_	_	_	_	9550	_	_	start_char=54055|end_char=54065
9552	It	_	_	_	_	9551	_	_	start_char=54066|end_char=54068
9553	was	_	_	_	_	9552	_	_	start_char=54069|end_char=54072
9554	a	_	_	_	_	9553	_	_	start_char=54073|end_char=54074
9555	strong	_	_	_	_	9554	_	_	start_char=54075|end_char=54081
9556	effort	_	_	_	_	9555	_	_	start_char=54082|end_char=54088
9557	of	_	_	_	_	9556	_	_	start_char=54089|end_char=54091
9558	the	_	_	_	_	9557	_	_	start_char=54092|end_char=54095
9559	spirit	_	_	_	_	9558	_	_	start_char=54096|end_char=54102
9560	of	_	_	_	_	9559	_	_	start_char=54103|end_char=54105
9561	good,	_	_	_	_	9560	_	_	start_char=54106|end_char=54111
9562	but	_	_	_	_	9561	_	_	start_char=54112|end_char=54115
9563	it	_	_	_	_	9562	_	_	start_char=54116|end_char=54118
9564	was	_	_	_	_	9563	_	_	start_char=54119|end_char=54122
9565	ineffectual.	_	_	_	_	9564	_	_	start_char=54123|end_char=54135
9566	Destiny	_	_	_	_	9565	_	_	start_char=54136|end_char=54143
9567	was	_	_	_	_	9566	_	_	start_char=54144|end_char=54147
9568	too	_	_	_	_	9567	_	_	start_char=54148|end_char=54151
9569	potent,	_	_	_	_	9568	_	_	start_char=54152|end_char=54159
9570	and	_	_	_	_	9569	_	_	start_char=54160|end_char=54163
9571	her	_	_	_	_	9570	_	_	start_char=54164|end_char=54167
9572	immutable	_	_	_	_	9571	_	_	start_char=54168|end_char=54177
9573	laws	_	_	_	_	9572	_	_	start_char=54178|end_char=54182
9574	had	_	_	_	_	9573	_	_	start_char=54183|end_char=54186
9575	decreed	_	_	_	_	9574	_	_	start_char=54187|end_char=54194
9576	my	_	_	_	_	9575	_	_	start_char=54195|end_char=54197
9577	utter	_	_	_	_	9576	_	_	start_char=54198|end_char=54203
9578	and	_	_	_	_	9577	_	_	start_char=54204|end_char=54207
9579	terrible	_	_	_	_	9578	_	_	start_char=54208|end_char=54216
9580	destruction.	_	_	_	_	9579	_	_	start_char=54217|end_char=54229
9581	Chapter	_	_	_	_	9580	_	_	start_char=54230|end_char=54237
9582	3	_	_	_	_	9581	_	_	start_char=54238|end_char=54239
9583	When	_	_	_	_	9582	_	_	start_char=54240|end_char=54244
9584	I	_	_	_	_	9583	_	_	start_char=54245|end_char=54246
9585	had	_	_	_	_	9584	_	_	start_char=54247|end_char=54250
9586	attained	_	_	_	_	9585	_	_	start_char=54251|end_char=54259
9587	the	_	_	_	_	9586	_	_	start_char=54260|end_char=54263
9588	age	_	_	_	_	9587	_	_	start_char=54264|end_char=54267
9589	of	_	_	_	_	9588	_	_	start_char=54268|end_char=54270
9590	seventeen	_	_	_	_	9589	_	_	start_char=54271|end_char=54280
9591	my	_	_	_	_	9590	_	_	start_char=54281|end_char=54283
9592	parents	_	_	_	_	9591	_	_	start_char=54284|end_char=54291
9593	resolved	_	_	_	_	9592	_	_	start_char=54292|end_char=54300
9594	that	_	_	_	_	9593	_	_	start_char=54301|end_char=54305
9595	I	_	_	_	_	9594	_	_	start_char=54306|end_char=54307
9596	should	_	_	_	_	9595	_	_	start_char=54308|end_char=54314
9597	become	_	_	_	_	9596	_	_	start_char=54315|end_char=54321
9598	a	_	_	_	_	9597	_	_	start_char=54322|end_char=54323
9599	student	_	_	_	_	9598	_	_	start_char=54324|end_char=54331
9600	at	_	_	_	_	9599	_	_	start_char=54332|end_char=54334
9601	the	_	_	_	_	9600	_	_	start_char=54335|end_char=54338
9602	university	_	_	_	_	9601	_	_	start_char=54339|end_char=54349
9603	of	_	_	_	_	9602	_	_	start_char=54350|end_char=54352
9604	Ingolstadt.	_	_	_	_	9603	_	_	start_char=54353|end_char=54364
9605	I	_	_	_	_	9604	_	_	start_char=54365|end_char=54366
9606	had	_	_	_	_	9605	_	_	start_char=54367|end_char=54370
9607	hitherto	_	_	_	_	9606	_	_	start_char=54371|end_char=54379
9608	attended	_	_	_	_	9607	_	_	start_char=54380|end_char=54388
9609	the	_	_	_	_	9608	_	_	start_char=54389|end_char=54392
9610	schools	_	_	_	_	9609	_	_	start_char=54393|end_char=54400
9611	of	_	_	_	_	9610	_	_	start_char=54401|end_char=54403
9612	Geneva,	_	_	_	_	9611	_	_	start_char=54404|end_char=54411
9613	but	_	_	_	_	9612	_	_	start_char=54412|end_char=54415
9614	my	_	_	_	_	9613	_	_	start_char=54416|end_char=54418
9615	father	_	_	_	_	9614	_	_	start_char=54419|end_char=54425
9616	thought	_	_	_	_	9615	_	_	start_char=54426|end_char=54433
9617	it	_	_	_	_	9616	_	_	start_char=54434|end_char=54436
9618	necessary	_	_	_	_	9617	_	_	start_char=54437|end_char=54446
9619	for	_	_	_	_	9618	_	_	start_char=54447|end_char=54450
9620	the	_	_	_	_	9619	_	_	start_char=54451|end_char=54454
9621	completion	_	_	_	_	9620	_	_	start_char=54455|end_char=54465
9622	of	_	_	_	_	9621	_	_	start_char=54466|end_char=54468
9623	my	_	_	_	_	9622	_	_	start_char=54469|end_char=54471
9624	education	_	_	_	_	9623	_	_	start_char=54472|end_char=54481
9625	that	_	_	_	_	9624	_	_	start_char=54482|end_char=54486
9626	I	_	_	_	_	9625	_	_	start_char=54487|end_char=54488
9627	should	_	_	_	_	9626	_	_	start_char=54489|end_char=54495
9628	be	_	_	_	_	9627	_	_	start_char=54496|end_char=54498
9629	made	_	_	_	_	9628	_	_	start_char=54499|end_char=54503
9630	acquainted	_	_	_	_	9629	_	_	start_char=54504|end_char=54514
9631	with	_	_	_	_	9630	_	_	start_char=54515|end_char=54519
9632	other	_	_	_	_	9631	_	_	start_char=54520|end_char=54525
9633	customs	_	_	_	_	9632	_	_	start_char=54526|end_char=54533
9634	than	_	_	_	_	9633	_	_	start_char=54534|end_char=54538
9635	those	_	_	_	_	9634	_	_	start_char=54539|end_char=54544
9636	of	_	_	_	_	9635	_	_	start_char=54545|end_char=54547
9637	my	_	_	_	_	9636	_	_	start_char=54548|end_char=54550
9638	native	_	_	_	_	9637	_	_	start_char=54551|end_char=54557
9639	country.	_	_	_	_	9638	_	_	start_char=54558|end_char=54566
9640	My	_	_	_	_	9639	_	_	start_char=54567|end_char=54569
9641	departure	_	_	_	_	9640	_	_	start_char=54570|end_char=54579
9642	was	_	_	_	_	9641	_	_	start_char=54580|end_char=54583
9643	therefore	_	_	_	_	9642	_	_	start_char=54584|end_char=54593
9644	fixed	_	_	_	_	9643	_	_	start_char=54594|end_char=54599
9645	at	_	_	_	_	9644	_	_	start_char=54600|end_char=54602
9646	an	_	_	_	_	9645	_	_	start_char=54603|end_char=54605
9647	early	_	_	_	_	9646	_	_	start_char=54606|end_char=54611
9648	date,	_	_	_	_	9647	_	_	start_char=54612|end_char=54617
9649	but	_	_	_	_	9648	_	_	start_char=54618|end_char=54621
9650	before	_	_	_	_	9649	_	_	start_char=54622|end_char=54628
9651	the	_	_	_	_	9650	_	_	start_char=54629|end_char=54632
9652	day	_	_	_	_	9651	_	_	start_char=54633|end_char=54636
9653	resolved	_	_	_	_	9652	_	_	start_char=54637|end_char=54645
9654	upon	_	_	_	_	9653	_	_	start_char=54646|end_char=54650
9655	could	_	_	_	_	9654	_	_	start_char=54651|end_char=54656
9656	arrive,	_	_	_	_	9655	_	_	start_char=54657|end_char=54664
9657	the	_	_	_	_	9656	_	_	start_char=54665|end_char=54668
9658	first	_	_	_	_	9657	_	_	start_char=54669|end_char=54674
9659	misfortune	_	_	_	_	9658	_	_	start_char=54675|end_char=54685
9660	of	_	_	_	_	9659	_	_	start_char=54686|end_char=54688
9661	my	_	_	_	_	9660	_	_	start_char=54689|end_char=54691
9662	life	_	_	_	_	9661	_	_	start_char=54692|end_char=54696
9663	occurred—an	_	_	_	_	9662	_	_	start_char=54697|end_char=54708
9664	omen,	_	_	_	_	9663	_	_	start_char=54709|end_char=54714
9665	as	_	_	_	_	9664	_	_	start_char=54715|end_char=54717
9666	it	_	_	_	_	9665	_	_	start_char=54718|end_char=54720
9667	were,	_	_	_	_	9666	_	_	start_char=54721|end_char=54726
9668	of	_	_	_	_	9667	_	_	start_char=54727|end_char=54729
9669	my	_	_	_	_	9668	_	_	start_char=54730|end_char=54732
9670	future	_	_	_	_	9669	_	_	start_char=54733|end_char=54739
9671	misery.	_	_	_	_	9670	_	_	start_char=54740|end_char=54747
9672	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	9671	_	_	start_char=54748|end_char=54757
9673	had	_	_	_	_	9672	_	_	start_char=54758|end_char=54761
9674	caught	_	_	_	_	9673	_	_	start_char=54762|end_char=54768
9675	the	_	_	_	_	9674	_	_	start_char=54769|end_char=54772
9676	scarlet	_	_	_	_	9675	_	_	start_char=54773|end_char=54780
9677	fever;	_	_	_	_	9676	_	_	start_char=54781|end_char=54787
9678	her	_	_	_	_	9677	_	_	start_char=54788|end_char=54791
9679	illness	_	_	_	_	9678	_	_	start_char=54792|end_char=54799
9680	was	_	_	_	_	9679	_	_	start_char=54800|end_char=54803
9681	severe,	_	_	_	_	9680	_	_	start_char=54804|end_char=54811
9682	and	_	_	_	_	9681	_	_	start_char=54812|end_char=54815
9683	she	_	_	_	_	9682	_	_	start_char=54816|end_char=54819
9684	was	_	_	_	_	9683	_	_	start_char=54820|end_char=54823
9685	in	_	_	_	_	9684	_	_	start_char=54824|end_char=54826
9686	the	_	_	_	_	9685	_	_	start_char=54827|end_char=54830
9687	greatest	_	_	_	_	9686	_	_	start_char=54831|end_char=54839
9688	danger.	_	_	_	_	9687	_	_	start_char=54840|end_char=54847
9689	During	_	_	_	_	9688	_	_	start_char=54848|end_char=54854
9690	her	_	_	_	_	9689	_	_	start_char=54855|end_char=54858
9691	illness	_	_	_	_	9690	_	_	start_char=54859|end_char=54866
9692	many	_	_	_	_	9691	_	_	start_char=54867|end_char=54871
9693	arguments	_	_	_	_	9692	_	_	start_char=54872|end_char=54881
9694	had	_	_	_	_	9693	_	_	start_char=54882|end_char=54885
9695	been	_	_	_	_	9694	_	_	start_char=54886|end_char=54890
9696	urged	_	_	_	_	9695	_	_	start_char=54891|end_char=54896
9697	to	_	_	_	_	9696	_	_	start_char=54897|end_char=54899
9698	persuade	_	_	_	_	9697	_	_	start_char=54900|end_char=54908
9699	my	_	_	_	_	9698	_	_	start_char=54909|end_char=54911
9700	mother	_	_	_	_	9699	_	_	start_char=54912|end_char=54918
9701	to	_	_	_	_	9700	_	_	start_char=54919|end_char=54921
9702	refrain	_	_	_	_	9701	_	_	start_char=54922|end_char=54929
9703	from	_	_	_	_	9702	_	_	start_char=54930|end_char=54934
9704	attending	_	_	_	_	9703	_	_	start_char=54935|end_char=54944
9705	upon	_	_	_	_	9704	_	_	start_char=54945|end_char=54949
9706	her.	_	_	_	_	9705	_	_	start_char=54950|end_char=54954
9707	She	_	_	_	_	9706	_	_	start_char=54955|end_char=54958
9708	had	_	_	_	_	9707	_	_	start_char=54959|end_char=54962
9709	at	_	_	_	_	9708	_	_	start_char=54963|end_char=54965
9710	first	_	_	_	_	9709	_	_	start_char=54966|end_char=54971
9711	yielded	_	_	_	_	9710	_	_	start_char=54972|end_char=54979
9712	to	_	_	_	_	9711	_	_	start_char=54980|end_char=54982
9713	our	_	_	_	_	9712	_	_	start_char=54983|end_char=54986
9714	entreaties,	_	_	_	_	9713	_	_	start_char=54987|end_char=54998
9715	but	_	_	_	_	9714	_	_	start_char=54999|end_char=55002
9716	when	_	_	_	_	9715	_	_	start_char=55003|end_char=55007
9717	she	_	_	_	_	9716	_	_	start_char=55008|end_char=55011
9718	heard	_	_	_	_	9717	_	_	start_char=55012|end_char=55017
9719	that	_	_	_	_	9718	_	_	start_char=55018|end_char=55022
9720	the	_	_	_	_	9719	_	_	start_char=55023|end_char=55026
9721	life	_	_	_	_	9720	_	_	start_char=55027|end_char=55031
9722	of	_	_	_	_	9721	_	_	start_char=55032|end_char=55034
9723	her	_	_	_	_	9722	_	_	start_char=55035|end_char=55038
9724	favourite	_	_	_	_	9723	_	_	start_char=55039|end_char=55048
9725	was	_	_	_	_	9724	_	_	start_char=55049|end_char=55052
9726	menaced,	_	_	_	_	9725	_	_	start_char=55053|end_char=55061
9727	she	_	_	_	_	9726	_	_	start_char=55062|end_char=55065
9728	could	_	_	_	_	9727	_	_	start_char=55066|end_char=55071
9729	no	_	_	_	_	9728	_	_	start_char=55072|end_char=55074
9730	longer	_	_	_	_	9729	_	_	start_char=55075|end_char=55081
9731	control	_	_	_	_	9730	_	_	start_char=55082|end_char=55089
9732	her	_	_	_	_	9731	_	_	start_char=55090|end_char=55093
9733	anxiety.	_	_	_	_	9732	_	_	start_char=55094|end_char=55102
9734	She	_	_	_	_	9733	_	_	start_char=55103|end_char=55106
9735	attended	_	_	_	_	9734	_	_	start_char=55107|end_char=55115
9736	her	_	_	_	_	9735	_	_	start_char=55116|end_char=55119
9737	sickbed;	_	_	_	_	9736	_	_	start_char=55120|end_char=55128
9738	her	_	_	_	_	9737	_	_	start_char=55129|end_char=55132
9739	watchful	_	_	_	_	9738	_	_	start_char=55133|end_char=55141
9740	attentions	_	_	_	_	9739	_	_	start_char=55142|end_char=55152
9741	triumphed	_	_	_	_	9740	_	_	start_char=55153|end_char=55162
9742	over	_	_	_	_	9741	_	_	start_char=55163|end_char=55167
9743	the	_	_	_	_	9742	_	_	start_char=55168|end_char=55171
9744	malignity	_	_	_	_	9743	_	_	start_char=55172|end_char=55181
9745	of	_	_	_	_	9744	_	_	start_char=55182|end_char=55184
9746	the	_	_	_	_	9745	_	_	start_char=55185|end_char=55188
9747	distemper—Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	9746	_	_	start_char=55189|end_char=55208
9748	was	_	_	_	_	9747	_	_	start_char=55209|end_char=55212
9749	saved,	_	_	_	_	9748	_	_	start_char=55213|end_char=55219
9750	but	_	_	_	_	9749	_	_	start_char=55220|end_char=55223
9751	the	_	_	_	_	9750	_	_	start_char=55224|end_char=55227
9752	consequences	_	_	_	_	9751	_	_	start_char=55228|end_char=55240
9753	of	_	_	_	_	9752	_	_	start_char=55241|end_char=55243
9754	this	_	_	_	_	9753	_	_	start_char=55244|end_char=55248
9755	imprudence	_	_	_	_	9754	_	_	start_char=55249|end_char=55259
9756	were	_	_	_	_	9755	_	_	start_char=55260|end_char=55264
9757	fatal	_	_	_	_	9756	_	_	start_char=55265|end_char=55270
9758	to	_	_	_	_	9757	_	_	start_char=55271|end_char=55273
9759	her	_	_	_	_	9758	_	_	start_char=55274|end_char=55277
9760	preserver.	_	_	_	_	9759	_	_	start_char=55278|end_char=55288
9761	On	_	_	_	_	9760	_	_	start_char=55289|end_char=55291
9762	the	_	_	_	_	9761	_	_	start_char=55292|end_char=55295
9763	third	_	_	_	_	9762	_	_	start_char=55296|end_char=55301
9764	day	_	_	_	_	9763	_	_	start_char=55302|end_char=55305
9765	my	_	_	_	_	9764	_	_	start_char=55306|end_char=55308
9766	mother	_	_	_	_	9765	_	_	start_char=55309|end_char=55315
9767	sickened;	_	_	_	_	9766	_	_	start_char=55316|end_char=55325
9768	her	_	_	_	_	9767	_	_	start_char=55326|end_char=55329
9769	fever	_	_	_	_	9768	_	_	start_char=55330|end_char=55335
9770	was	_	_	_	_	9769	_	_	start_char=55336|end_char=55339
9771	accompanied	_	_	_	_	9770	_	_	start_char=55340|end_char=55351
9772	by	_	_	_	_	9771	_	_	start_char=55352|end_char=55354
9773	the	_	_	_	_	9772	_	_	start_char=55355|end_char=55358
9774	most	_	_	_	_	9773	_	_	start_char=55359|end_char=55363
9775	alarming	_	_	_	_	9774	_	_	start_char=55364|end_char=55372
9776	symptoms,	_	_	_	_	9775	_	_	start_char=55373|end_char=55382
9777	and	_	_	_	_	9776	_	_	start_char=55383|end_char=55386
9778	the	_	_	_	_	9777	_	_	start_char=55387|end_char=55390
9779	looks	_	_	_	_	9778	_	_	start_char=55391|end_char=55396
9780	of	_	_	_	_	9779	_	_	start_char=55397|end_char=55399
9781	her	_	_	_	_	9780	_	_	start_char=55400|end_char=55403
9782	medical	_	_	_	_	9781	_	_	start_char=55404|end_char=55411
9783	attendants	_	_	_	_	9782	_	_	start_char=55412|end_char=55422
9784	prognosticated	_	_	_	_	9783	_	_	start_char=55423|end_char=55437
9785	the	_	_	_	_	9784	_	_	start_char=55438|end_char=55441
9786	worst	_	_	_	_	9785	_	_	start_char=55442|end_char=55447
9787	event.	_	_	_	_	9786	_	_	start_char=55448|end_char=55454
9788	On	_	_	_	_	9787	_	_	start_char=55455|end_char=55457
9789	her	_	_	_	_	9788	_	_	start_char=55458|end_char=55461
9790	deathbed	_	_	_	_	9789	_	_	start_char=55462|end_char=55470
9791	the	_	_	_	_	9790	_	_	start_char=55471|end_char=55474
9792	fortitude	_	_	_	_	9791	_	_	start_char=55475|end_char=55484
9793	and	_	_	_	_	9792	_	_	start_char=55485|end_char=55488
9794	benignity	_	_	_	_	9793	_	_	start_char=55489|end_char=55498
9795	of	_	_	_	_	9794	_	_	start_char=55499|end_char=55501
9796	this	_	_	_	_	9795	_	_	start_char=55502|end_char=55506
9797	best	_	_	_	_	9796	_	_	start_char=55507|end_char=55511
9798	of	_	_	_	_	9797	_	_	start_char=55512|end_char=55514
9799	women	_	_	_	_	9798	_	_	start_char=55515|end_char=55520
9800	did	_	_	_	_	9799	_	_	start_char=55521|end_char=55524
9801	not	_	_	_	_	9800	_	_	start_char=55525|end_char=55528
9802	desert	_	_	_	_	9801	_	_	start_char=55529|end_char=55535
9803	her.	_	_	_	_	9802	_	_	start_char=55536|end_char=55540
9804	She	_	_	_	_	9803	_	_	start_char=55541|end_char=55544
9805	joined	_	_	_	_	9804	_	_	start_char=55545|end_char=55551
9806	the	_	_	_	_	9805	_	_	start_char=55552|end_char=55555
9807	hands	_	_	_	_	9806	_	_	start_char=55556|end_char=55561
9808	of	_	_	_	_	9807	_	_	start_char=55562|end_char=55564
9809	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	9808	_	_	start_char=55565|end_char=55574
9810	and	_	_	_	_	9809	_	_	start_char=55575|end_char=55578
9811	myself.	_	_	_	_	9810	_	_	start_char=55579|end_char=55586
9812	“My	_	_	_	_	9811	_	_	start_char=55587|end_char=55590
9813	children,”	_	_	_	_	9812	_	_	start_char=55591|end_char=55601
9814	she	_	_	_	_	9813	_	_	start_char=55602|end_char=55605
9815	said,	_	_	_	_	9814	_	_	start_char=55606|end_char=55611
9816	“my	_	_	_	_	9815	_	_	start_char=55612|end_char=55615
9817	firmest	_	_	_	_	9816	_	_	start_char=55616|end_char=55623
9818	hopes	_	_	_	_	9817	_	_	start_char=55624|end_char=55629
9819	of	_	_	_	_	9818	_	_	start_char=55630|end_char=55632
9820	future	_	_	_	_	9819	_	_	start_char=55633|end_char=55639
9821	happiness	_	_	_	_	9820	_	_	start_char=55640|end_char=55649
9822	were	_	_	_	_	9821	_	_	start_char=55650|end_char=55654
9823	placed	_	_	_	_	9822	_	_	start_char=55655|end_char=55661
9824	on	_	_	_	_	9823	_	_	start_char=55662|end_char=55664
9825	the	_	_	_	_	9824	_	_	start_char=55665|end_char=55668
9826	prospect	_	_	_	_	9825	_	_	start_char=55669|end_char=55677
9827	of	_	_	_	_	9826	_	_	start_char=55678|end_char=55680
9828	your	_	_	_	_	9827	_	_	start_char=55681|end_char=55685
9829	union.	_	_	_	_	9828	_	_	start_char=55686|end_char=55692
9830	This	_	_	_	_	9829	_	_	start_char=55693|end_char=55697
9831	expectation	_	_	_	_	9830	_	_	start_char=55698|end_char=55709
9832	will	_	_	_	_	9831	_	_	start_char=55710|end_char=55714
9833	now	_	_	_	_	9832	_	_	start_char=55715|end_char=55718
9834	be	_	_	_	_	9833	_	_	start_char=55719|end_char=55721
9835	the	_	_	_	_	9834	_	_	start_char=55722|end_char=55725
9836	consolation	_	_	_	_	9835	_	_	start_char=55726|end_char=55737
9837	of	_	_	_	_	9836	_	_	start_char=55738|end_char=55740
9838	your	_	_	_	_	9837	_	_	start_char=55741|end_char=55745
9839	father.	_	_	_	_	9838	_	_	start_char=55746|end_char=55753
9840	Elizabeth,	_	_	_	_	9839	_	_	start_char=55754|end_char=55764
9841	my	_	_	_	_	9840	_	_	start_char=55765|end_char=55767
9842	love,	_	_	_	_	9841	_	_	start_char=55768|end_char=55773
9843	you	_	_	_	_	9842	_	_	start_char=55774|end_char=55777
9844	must	_	_	_	_	9843	_	_	start_char=55778|end_char=55782
9845	supply	_	_	_	_	9844	_	_	start_char=55783|end_char=55789
9846	my	_	_	_	_	9845	_	_	start_char=55790|end_char=55792
9847	place	_	_	_	_	9846	_	_	start_char=55793|end_char=55798
9848	to	_	_	_	_	9847	_	_	start_char=55799|end_char=55801
9849	my	_	_	_	_	9848	_	_	start_char=55802|end_char=55804
9850	younger	_	_	_	_	9849	_	_	start_char=55805|end_char=55812
9851	children.	_	_	_	_	9850	_	_	start_char=55813|end_char=55822
9852	Alas!	_	_	_	_	9851	_	_	start_char=55823|end_char=55828
9853	I	_	_	_	_	9852	_	_	start_char=55829|end_char=55830
9854	regret	_	_	_	_	9853	_	_	start_char=55831|end_char=55837
9855	that	_	_	_	_	9854	_	_	start_char=55838|end_char=55842
9856	I	_	_	_	_	9855	_	_	start_char=55843|end_char=55844
9857	am	_	_	_	_	9856	_	_	start_char=55845|end_char=55847
9858	taken	_	_	_	_	9857	_	_	start_char=55848|end_char=55853
9859	from	_	_	_	_	9858	_	_	start_char=55854|end_char=55858
9860	you;	_	_	_	_	9859	_	_	start_char=55859|end_char=55863
9861	and,	_	_	_	_	9860	_	_	start_char=55864|end_char=55868
9862	happy	_	_	_	_	9861	_	_	start_char=55869|end_char=55874
9863	and	_	_	_	_	9862	_	_	start_char=55875|end_char=55878
9864	beloved	_	_	_	_	9863	_	_	start_char=55879|end_char=55886
9865	as	_	_	_	_	9864	_	_	start_char=55887|end_char=55889
9866	I	_	_	_	_	9865	_	_	start_char=55890|end_char=55891
9867	have	_	_	_	_	9866	_	_	start_char=55892|end_char=55896
9868	been,	_	_	_	_	9867	_	_	start_char=55897|end_char=55902
9869	is	_	_	_	_	9868	_	_	start_char=55903|end_char=55905
9870	it	_	_	_	_	9869	_	_	start_char=55906|end_char=55908
9871	not	_	_	_	_	9870	_	_	start_char=55909|end_char=55912
9872	hard	_	_	_	_	9871	_	_	start_char=55913|end_char=55917
9873	to	_	_	_	_	9872	_	_	start_char=55918|end_char=55920
9874	quit	_	_	_	_	9873	_	_	start_char=55921|end_char=55925
9875	you	_	_	_	_	9874	_	_	start_char=55926|end_char=55929
9876	all?	_	_	_	_	9875	_	_	start_char=55930|end_char=55934
9877	But	_	_	_	_	9876	_	_	start_char=55935|end_char=55938
9878	these	_	_	_	_	9877	_	_	start_char=55939|end_char=55944
9879	are	_	_	_	_	9878	_	_	start_char=55945|end_char=55948
9880	not	_	_	_	_	9879	_	_	start_char=55949|end_char=55952
9881	thoughts	_	_	_	_	9880	_	_	start_char=55953|end_char=55961
9882	befitting	_	_	_	_	9881	_	_	start_char=55962|end_char=55971
9883	me;	_	_	_	_	9882	_	_	start_char=55972|end_char=55975
9884	I	_	_	_	_	9883	_	_	start_char=55976|end_char=55977
9885	will	_	_	_	_	9884	_	_	start_char=55978|end_char=55982
9886	endeavour	_	_	_	_	9885	_	_	start_char=55983|end_char=55992
9887	to	_	_	_	_	9886	_	_	start_char=55993|end_char=55995
9888	resign	_	_	_	_	9887	_	_	start_char=55996|end_char=56002
9889	myself	_	_	_	_	9888	_	_	start_char=56003|end_char=56009
9890	cheerfully	_	_	_	_	9889	_	_	start_char=56010|end_char=56020
9891	to	_	_	_	_	9890	_	_	start_char=56021|end_char=56023
9892	death	_	_	_	_	9891	_	_	start_char=56024|end_char=56029
9893	and	_	_	_	_	9892	_	_	start_char=56030|end_char=56033
9894	will	_	_	_	_	9893	_	_	start_char=56034|end_char=56038
9895	indulge	_	_	_	_	9894	_	_	start_char=56039|end_char=56046
9896	a	_	_	_	_	9895	_	_	start_char=56047|end_char=56048
9897	hope	_	_	_	_	9896	_	_	start_char=56049|end_char=56053
9898	of	_	_	_	_	9897	_	_	start_char=56054|end_char=56056
9899	meeting	_	_	_	_	9898	_	_	start_char=56057|end_char=56064
9900	you	_	_	_	_	9899	_	_	start_char=56065|end_char=56068
9901	in	_	_	_	_	9900	_	_	start_char=56069|end_char=56071
9902	another	_	_	_	_	9901	_	_	start_char=56072|end_char=56079
9903	world.”	_	_	_	_	9902	_	_	start_char=56080|end_char=56087
9904	She	_	_	_	_	9903	_	_	start_char=56088|end_char=56091
9905	died	_	_	_	_	9904	_	_	start_char=56092|end_char=56096
9906	calmly,	_	_	_	_	9905	_	_	start_char=56097|end_char=56104
9907	and	_	_	_	_	9906	_	_	start_char=56105|end_char=56108
9908	her	_	_	_	_	9907	_	_	start_char=56109|end_char=56112
9909	countenance	_	_	_	_	9908	_	_	start_char=56113|end_char=56124
9910	expressed	_	_	_	_	9909	_	_	start_char=56125|end_char=56134
9911	affection	_	_	_	_	9910	_	_	start_char=56135|end_char=56144
9912	even	_	_	_	_	9911	_	_	start_char=56145|end_char=56149
9913	in	_	_	_	_	9912	_	_	start_char=56150|end_char=56152
9914	death.	_	_	_	_	9913	_	_	start_char=56153|end_char=56159
9915	I	_	_	_	_	9914	_	_	start_char=56160|end_char=56161
9916	need	_	_	_	_	9915	_	_	start_char=56162|end_char=56166
9917	not	_	_	_	_	9916	_	_	start_char=56167|end_char=56170
9918	describe	_	_	_	_	9917	_	_	start_char=56171|end_char=56179
9919	the	_	_	_	_	9918	_	_	start_char=56180|end_char=56183
9920	feelings	_	_	_	_	9919	_	_	start_char=56184|end_char=56192
9921	of	_	_	_	_	9920	_	_	start_char=56193|end_char=56195
9922	those	_	_	_	_	9921	_	_	start_char=56196|end_char=56201
9923	whose	_	_	_	_	9922	_	_	start_char=56202|end_char=56207
9924	dearest	_	_	_	_	9923	_	_	start_char=56208|end_char=56215
9925	ties	_	_	_	_	9924	_	_	start_char=56216|end_char=56220
9926	are	_	_	_	_	9925	_	_	start_char=56221|end_char=56224
9927	rent	_	_	_	_	9926	_	_	start_char=56225|end_char=56229
9928	by	_	_	_	_	9927	_	_	start_char=56230|end_char=56232
9929	that	_	_	_	_	9928	_	_	start_char=56233|end_char=56237
9930	most	_	_	_	_	9929	_	_	start_char=56238|end_char=56242
9931	irreparable	_	_	_	_	9930	_	_	start_char=56243|end_char=56254
9932	evil,	_	_	_	_	9931	_	_	start_char=56255|end_char=56260
9933	the	_	_	_	_	9932	_	_	start_char=56261|end_char=56264
9934	void	_	_	_	_	9933	_	_	start_char=56265|end_char=56269
9935	that	_	_	_	_	9934	_	_	start_char=56270|end_char=56274
9936	presents	_	_	_	_	9935	_	_	start_char=56275|end_char=56283
9937	itself	_	_	_	_	9936	_	_	start_char=56284|end_char=56290
9938	to	_	_	_	_	9937	_	_	start_char=56291|end_char=56293
9939	the	_	_	_	_	9938	_	_	start_char=56294|end_char=56297
9940	soul,	_	_	_	_	9939	_	_	start_char=56298|end_char=56303
9941	and	_	_	_	_	9940	_	_	start_char=56304|end_char=56307
9942	the	_	_	_	_	9941	_	_	start_char=56308|end_char=56311
9943	despair	_	_	_	_	9942	_	_	start_char=56312|end_char=56319
9944	that	_	_	_	_	9943	_	_	start_char=56320|end_char=56324
9945	is	_	_	_	_	9944	_	_	start_char=56325|end_char=56327
9946	exhibited	_	_	_	_	9945	_	_	start_char=56328|end_char=56337
9947	on	_	_	_	_	9946	_	_	start_char=56338|end_char=56340
9948	the	_	_	_	_	9947	_	_	start_char=56341|end_char=56344
9949	countenance.	_	_	_	_	9948	_	_	start_char=56345|end_char=56357
9950	It	_	_	_	_	9949	_	_	start_char=56358|end_char=56360
9951	is	_	_	_	_	9950	_	_	start_char=56361|end_char=56363
9952	so	_	_	_	_	9951	_	_	start_char=56364|end_char=56366
9953	long	_	_	_	_	9952	_	_	start_char=56367|end_char=56371
9954	before	_	_	_	_	9953	_	_	start_char=56372|end_char=56378
9955	the	_	_	_	_	9954	_	_	start_char=56379|end_char=56382
9956	mind	_	_	_	_	9955	_	_	start_char=56383|end_char=56387
9957	can	_	_	_	_	9956	_	_	start_char=56388|end_char=56391
9958	persuade	_	_	_	_	9957	_	_	start_char=56392|end_char=56400
9959	itself	_	_	_	_	9958	_	_	start_char=56401|end_char=56407
9960	that	_	_	_	_	9959	_	_	start_char=56408|end_char=56412
9961	she	_	_	_	_	9960	_	_	start_char=56413|end_char=56416
9962	whom	_	_	_	_	9961	_	_	start_char=56417|end_char=56421
9963	we	_	_	_	_	9962	_	_	start_char=56422|end_char=56424
9964	saw	_	_	_	_	9963	_	_	start_char=56425|end_char=56428
9965	every	_	_	_	_	9964	_	_	start_char=56429|end_char=56434
9966	day	_	_	_	_	9965	_	_	start_char=56435|end_char=56438
9967	and	_	_	_	_	9966	_	_	start_char=56439|end_char=56442
9968	whose	_	_	_	_	9967	_	_	start_char=56443|end_char=56448
9969	very	_	_	_	_	9968	_	_	start_char=56449|end_char=56453
9970	existence	_	_	_	_	9969	_	_	start_char=56454|end_char=56463
9971	appeared	_	_	_	_	9970	_	_	start_char=56464|end_char=56472
9972	a	_	_	_	_	9971	_	_	start_char=56473|end_char=56474
9973	part	_	_	_	_	9972	_	_	start_char=56475|end_char=56479
9974	of	_	_	_	_	9973	_	_	start_char=56480|end_char=56482
9975	our	_	_	_	_	9974	_	_	start_char=56483|end_char=56486
9976	own	_	_	_	_	9975	_	_	start_char=56487|end_char=56490
9977	can	_	_	_	_	9976	_	_	start_char=56491|end_char=56494
9978	have	_	_	_	_	9977	_	_	start_char=56495|end_char=56499
9979	departed	_	_	_	_	9978	_	_	start_char=56500|end_char=56508
9980	for	_	_	_	_	9979	_	_	start_char=56509|end_char=56512
9981	ever—that	_	_	_	_	9980	_	_	start_char=56513|end_char=56522
9982	the	_	_	_	_	9981	_	_	start_char=56523|end_char=56526
9983	brightness	_	_	_	_	9982	_	_	start_char=56527|end_char=56537
9984	of	_	_	_	_	9983	_	_	start_char=56538|end_char=56540
9985	a	_	_	_	_	9984	_	_	start_char=56541|end_char=56542
9986	beloved	_	_	_	_	9985	_	_	start_char=56543|end_char=56550
9987	eye	_	_	_	_	9986	_	_	start_char=56551|end_char=56554
9988	can	_	_	_	_	9987	_	_	start_char=56555|end_char=56558
9989	have	_	_	_	_	9988	_	_	start_char=56559|end_char=56563
9990	been	_	_	_	_	9989	_	_	start_char=56564|end_char=56568
9991	extinguished	_	_	_	_	9990	_	_	start_char=56569|end_char=56581
9992	and	_	_	_	_	9991	_	_	start_char=56582|end_char=56585
9993	the	_	_	_	_	9992	_	_	start_char=56586|end_char=56589
9994	sound	_	_	_	_	9993	_	_	start_char=56590|end_char=56595
9995	of	_	_	_	_	9994	_	_	start_char=56596|end_char=56598
9996	a	_	_	_	_	9995	_	_	start_char=56599|end_char=56600
9997	voice	_	_	_	_	9996	_	_	start_char=56601|end_char=56606
9998	so	_	_	_	_	9997	_	_	start_char=56607|end_char=56609
9999	familiar	_	_	_	_	9998	_	_	start_char=56610|end_char=56618
10000	and	_	_	_	_	9999	_	_	start_char=56619|end_char=56622
10001	dear	_	_	_	_	10000	_	_	start_char=56623|end_char=56627
10002	to	_	_	_	_	10001	_	_	start_char=56628|end_char=56630
10003	the	_	_	_	_	10002	_	_	start_char=56631|end_char=56634
10004	ear	_	_	_	_	10003	_	_	start_char=56635|end_char=56638
10005	can	_	_	_	_	10004	_	_	start_char=56639|end_char=56642
10006	be	_	_	_	_	10005	_	_	start_char=56643|end_char=56645
10007	hushed,	_	_	_	_	10006	_	_	start_char=56646|end_char=56653
10008	never	_	_	_	_	10007	_	_	start_char=56654|end_char=56659
10009	more	_	_	_	_	10008	_	_	start_char=56660|end_char=56664
10010	to	_	_	_	_	10009	_	_	start_char=56665|end_char=56667
10011	be	_	_	_	_	10010	_	_	start_char=56668|end_char=56670
10012	heard.	_	_	_	_	10011	_	_	start_char=56671|end_char=56677
10013	These	_	_	_	_	10012	_	_	start_char=56678|end_char=56683
10014	are	_	_	_	_	10013	_	_	start_char=56684|end_char=56687
10015	the	_	_	_	_	10014	_	_	start_char=56688|end_char=56691
10016	reflections	_	_	_	_	10015	_	_	start_char=56692|end_char=56703
10017	of	_	_	_	_	10016	_	_	start_char=56704|end_char=56706
10018	the	_	_	_	_	10017	_	_	start_char=56707|end_char=56710
10019	first	_	_	_	_	10018	_	_	start_char=56711|end_char=56716
10020	days;	_	_	_	_	10019	_	_	start_char=56717|end_char=56722
10021	but	_	_	_	_	10020	_	_	start_char=56723|end_char=56726
10022	when	_	_	_	_	10021	_	_	start_char=56727|end_char=56731
10023	the	_	_	_	_	10022	_	_	start_char=56732|end_char=56735
10024	lapse	_	_	_	_	10023	_	_	start_char=56736|end_char=56741
10025	of	_	_	_	_	10024	_	_	start_char=56742|end_char=56744
10026	time	_	_	_	_	10025	_	_	start_char=56745|end_char=56749
10027	proves	_	_	_	_	10026	_	_	start_char=56750|end_char=56756
10028	the	_	_	_	_	10027	_	_	start_char=56757|end_char=56760
10029	reality	_	_	_	_	10028	_	_	start_char=56761|end_char=56768
10030	of	_	_	_	_	10029	_	_	start_char=56769|end_char=56771
10031	the	_	_	_	_	10030	_	_	start_char=56772|end_char=56775
10032	evil,	_	_	_	_	10031	_	_	start_char=56776|end_char=56781
10033	then	_	_	_	_	10032	_	_	start_char=56782|end_char=56786
10034	the	_	_	_	_	10033	_	_	start_char=56787|end_char=56790
10035	actual	_	_	_	_	10034	_	_	start_char=56791|end_char=56797
10036	bitterness	_	_	_	_	10035	_	_	start_char=56798|end_char=56808
10037	of	_	_	_	_	10036	_	_	start_char=56809|end_char=56811
10038	grief	_	_	_	_	10037	_	_	start_char=56812|end_char=56817
10039	commences.	_	_	_	_	10038	_	_	start_char=56818|end_char=56828
10040	Yet	_	_	_	_	10039	_	_	start_char=56829|end_char=56832
10041	from	_	_	_	_	10040	_	_	start_char=56833|end_char=56837
10042	whom	_	_	_	_	10041	_	_	start_char=56838|end_char=56842
10043	has	_	_	_	_	10042	_	_	start_char=56843|end_char=56846
10044	not	_	_	_	_	10043	_	_	start_char=56847|end_char=56850
10045	that	_	_	_	_	10044	_	_	start_char=56851|end_char=56855
10046	rude	_	_	_	_	10045	_	_	start_char=56856|end_char=56860
10047	hand	_	_	_	_	10046	_	_	start_char=56861|end_char=56865
10048	rent	_	_	_	_	10047	_	_	start_char=56866|end_char=56870
10049	away	_	_	_	_	10048	_	_	start_char=56871|end_char=56875
10050	some	_	_	_	_	10049	_	_	start_char=56876|end_char=56880
10051	dear	_	_	_	_	10050	_	_	start_char=56881|end_char=56885
10052	connection?	_	_	_	_	10051	_	_	start_char=56886|end_char=56897
10053	And	_	_	_	_	10052	_	_	start_char=56898|end_char=56901
10054	why	_	_	_	_	10053	_	_	start_char=56902|end_char=56905
10055	should	_	_	_	_	10054	_	_	start_char=56906|end_char=56912
10056	I	_	_	_	_	10055	_	_	start_char=56913|end_char=56914
10057	describe	_	_	_	_	10056	_	_	start_char=56915|end_char=56923
10058	a	_	_	_	_	10057	_	_	start_char=56924|end_char=56925
10059	sorrow	_	_	_	_	10058	_	_	start_char=56926|end_char=56932
10060	which	_	_	_	_	10059	_	_	start_char=56933|end_char=56938
10061	all	_	_	_	_	10060	_	_	start_char=56939|end_char=56942
10062	have	_	_	_	_	10061	_	_	start_char=56943|end_char=56947
10063	felt,	_	_	_	_	10062	_	_	start_char=56948|end_char=56953
10064	and	_	_	_	_	10063	_	_	start_char=56954|end_char=56957
10065	must	_	_	_	_	10064	_	_	start_char=56958|end_char=56962
10066	feel?	_	_	_	_	10065	_	_	start_char=56963|end_char=56968
10067	The	_	_	_	_	10066	_	_	start_char=56969|end_char=56972
10068	time	_	_	_	_	10067	_	_	start_char=56973|end_char=56977
10069	at	_	_	_	_	10068	_	_	start_char=56978|end_char=56980
10070	length	_	_	_	_	10069	_	_	start_char=56981|end_char=56987
10071	arrives	_	_	_	_	10070	_	_	start_char=56988|end_char=56995
10072	when	_	_	_	_	10071	_	_	start_char=56996|end_char=57000
10073	grief	_	_	_	_	10072	_	_	start_char=57001|end_char=57006
10074	is	_	_	_	_	10073	_	_	start_char=57007|end_char=57009
10075	rather	_	_	_	_	10074	_	_	start_char=57010|end_char=57016
10076	an	_	_	_	_	10075	_	_	start_char=57017|end_char=57019
10077	indulgence	_	_	_	_	10076	_	_	start_char=57020|end_char=57030
10078	than	_	_	_	_	10077	_	_	start_char=57031|end_char=57035
10079	a	_	_	_	_	10078	_	_	start_char=57036|end_char=57037
10080	necessity;	_	_	_	_	10079	_	_	start_char=57038|end_char=57048
10081	and	_	_	_	_	10080	_	_	start_char=57049|end_char=57052
10082	the	_	_	_	_	10081	_	_	start_char=57053|end_char=57056
10083	smile	_	_	_	_	10082	_	_	start_char=57057|end_char=57062
10084	that	_	_	_	_	10083	_	_	start_char=57063|end_char=57067
10085	plays	_	_	_	_	10084	_	_	start_char=57068|end_char=57073
10086	upon	_	_	_	_	10085	_	_	start_char=57074|end_char=57078
10087	the	_	_	_	_	10086	_	_	start_char=57079|end_char=57082
10088	lips,	_	_	_	_	10087	_	_	start_char=57083|end_char=57088
10089	although	_	_	_	_	10088	_	_	start_char=57089|end_char=57097
10090	it	_	_	_	_	10089	_	_	start_char=57098|end_char=57100
10091	may	_	_	_	_	10090	_	_	start_char=57101|end_char=57104
10092	be	_	_	_	_	10091	_	_	start_char=57105|end_char=57107
10093	deemed	_	_	_	_	10092	_	_	start_char=57108|end_char=57114
10094	a	_	_	_	_	10093	_	_	start_char=57115|end_char=57116
10095	sacrilege,	_	_	_	_	10094	_	_	start_char=57117|end_char=57127
10096	is	_	_	_	_	10095	_	_	start_char=57128|end_char=57130
10097	not	_	_	_	_	10096	_	_	start_char=57131|end_char=57134
10098	banished.	_	_	_	_	10097	_	_	start_char=57135|end_char=57144
10099	My	_	_	_	_	10098	_	_	start_char=57145|end_char=57147
10100	mother	_	_	_	_	10099	_	_	start_char=57148|end_char=57154
10101	was	_	_	_	_	10100	_	_	start_char=57155|end_char=57158
10102	dead,	_	_	_	_	10101	_	_	start_char=57159|end_char=57164
10103	but	_	_	_	_	10102	_	_	start_char=57165|end_char=57168
10104	we	_	_	_	_	10103	_	_	start_char=57169|end_char=57171
10105	had	_	_	_	_	10104	_	_	start_char=57172|end_char=57175
10106	still	_	_	_	_	10105	_	_	start_char=57176|end_char=57181
10107	duties	_	_	_	_	10106	_	_	start_char=57182|end_char=57188
10108	which	_	_	_	_	10107	_	_	start_char=57189|end_char=57194
10109	we	_	_	_	_	10108	_	_	start_char=57195|end_char=57197
10110	ought	_	_	_	_	10109	_	_	start_char=57198|end_char=57203
10111	to	_	_	_	_	10110	_	_	start_char=57204|end_char=57206
10112	perform;	_	_	_	_	10111	_	_	start_char=57207|end_char=57215
10113	we	_	_	_	_	10112	_	_	start_char=57216|end_char=57218
10114	must	_	_	_	_	10113	_	_	start_char=57219|end_char=57223
10115	continue	_	_	_	_	10114	_	_	start_char=57224|end_char=57232
10116	our	_	_	_	_	10115	_	_	start_char=57233|end_char=57236
10117	course	_	_	_	_	10116	_	_	start_char=57237|end_char=57243
10118	with	_	_	_	_	10117	_	_	start_char=57244|end_char=57248
10119	the	_	_	_	_	10118	_	_	start_char=57249|end_char=57252
10120	rest	_	_	_	_	10119	_	_	start_char=57253|end_char=57257
10121	and	_	_	_	_	10120	_	_	start_char=57258|end_char=57261
10122	learn	_	_	_	_	10121	_	_	start_char=57262|end_char=57267
10123	to	_	_	_	_	10122	_	_	start_char=57268|end_char=57270
10124	think	_	_	_	_	10123	_	_	start_char=57271|end_char=57276
10125	ourselves	_	_	_	_	10124	_	_	start_char=57277|end_char=57286
10126	fortunate	_	_	_	_	10125	_	_	start_char=57287|end_char=57296
10127	whilst	_	_	_	_	10126	_	_	start_char=57297|end_char=57303
10128	one	_	_	_	_	10127	_	_	start_char=57304|end_char=57307
10129	remains	_	_	_	_	10128	_	_	start_char=57308|end_char=57315
10130	whom	_	_	_	_	10129	_	_	start_char=57316|end_char=57320
10131	the	_	_	_	_	10130	_	_	start_char=57321|end_char=57324
10132	spoiler	_	_	_	_	10131	_	_	start_char=57325|end_char=57332
10133	has	_	_	_	_	10132	_	_	start_char=57333|end_char=57336
10134	not	_	_	_	_	10133	_	_	start_char=57337|end_char=57340
10135	seized.	_	_	_	_	10134	_	_	start_char=57341|end_char=57348
10136	My	_	_	_	_	10135	_	_	start_char=57349|end_char=57351
10137	departure	_	_	_	_	10136	_	_	start_char=57352|end_char=57361
10138	for	_	_	_	_	10137	_	_	start_char=57362|end_char=57365
10139	Ingolstadt,	_	_	_	_	10138	_	_	start_char=57366|end_char=57377
10140	which	_	_	_	_	10139	_	_	start_char=57378|end_char=57383
10141	had	_	_	_	_	10140	_	_	start_char=57384|end_char=57387
10142	been	_	_	_	_	10141	_	_	start_char=57388|end_char=57392
10143	deferred	_	_	_	_	10142	_	_	start_char=57393|end_char=57401
10144	by	_	_	_	_	10143	_	_	start_char=57402|end_char=57404
10145	these	_	_	_	_	10144	_	_	start_char=57405|end_char=57410
10146	events,	_	_	_	_	10145	_	_	start_char=57411|end_char=57418
10147	was	_	_	_	_	10146	_	_	start_char=57419|end_char=57422
10148	now	_	_	_	_	10147	_	_	start_char=57423|end_char=57426
10149	again	_	_	_	_	10148	_	_	start_char=57427|end_char=57432
10150	determined	_	_	_	_	10149	_	_	start_char=57433|end_char=57443
10151	upon.	_	_	_	_	10150	_	_	start_char=57444|end_char=57449
10152	I	_	_	_	_	10151	_	_	start_char=57450|end_char=57451
10153	obtained	_	_	_	_	10152	_	_	start_char=57452|end_char=57460
10154	from	_	_	_	_	10153	_	_	start_char=57461|end_char=57465
10155	my	_	_	_	_	10154	_	_	start_char=57466|end_char=57468
10156	father	_	_	_	_	10155	_	_	start_char=57469|end_char=57475
10157	a	_	_	_	_	10156	_	_	start_char=57476|end_char=57477
10158	respite	_	_	_	_	10157	_	_	start_char=57478|end_char=57485
10159	of	_	_	_	_	10158	_	_	start_char=57486|end_char=57488
10160	some	_	_	_	_	10159	_	_	start_char=57489|end_char=57493
10161	weeks.	_	_	_	_	10160	_	_	start_char=57494|end_char=57500
10162	It	_	_	_	_	10161	_	_	start_char=57501|end_char=57503
10163	appeared	_	_	_	_	10162	_	_	start_char=57504|end_char=57512
10164	to	_	_	_	_	10163	_	_	start_char=57513|end_char=57515
10165	me	_	_	_	_	10164	_	_	start_char=57516|end_char=57518
10166	sacrilege	_	_	_	_	10165	_	_	start_char=57519|end_char=57528
10167	so	_	_	_	_	10166	_	_	start_char=57529|end_char=57531
10168	soon	_	_	_	_	10167	_	_	start_char=57532|end_char=57536
10169	to	_	_	_	_	10168	_	_	start_char=57537|end_char=57539
10170	leave	_	_	_	_	10169	_	_	start_char=57540|end_char=57545
10171	the	_	_	_	_	10170	_	_	start_char=57546|end_char=57549
10172	repose,	_	_	_	_	10171	_	_	start_char=57550|end_char=57557
10173	akin	_	_	_	_	10172	_	_	start_char=57558|end_char=57562
10174	to	_	_	_	_	10173	_	_	start_char=57563|end_char=57565
10175	death,	_	_	_	_	10174	_	_	start_char=57566|end_char=57572
10176	of	_	_	_	_	10175	_	_	start_char=57573|end_char=57575
10177	the	_	_	_	_	10176	_	_	start_char=57576|end_char=57579
10178	house	_	_	_	_	10177	_	_	start_char=57580|end_char=57585
10179	of	_	_	_	_	10178	_	_	start_char=57586|end_char=57588
10180	mourning	_	_	_	_	10179	_	_	start_char=57589|end_char=57597
10181	and	_	_	_	_	10180	_	_	start_char=57598|end_char=57601
10182	to	_	_	_	_	10181	_	_	start_char=57602|end_char=57604
10183	rush	_	_	_	_	10182	_	_	start_char=57605|end_char=57609
10184	into	_	_	_	_	10183	_	_	start_char=57610|end_char=57614
10185	the	_	_	_	_	10184	_	_	start_char=57615|end_char=57618
10186	thick	_	_	_	_	10185	_	_	start_char=57619|end_char=57624
10187	of	_	_	_	_	10186	_	_	start_char=57625|end_char=57627
10188	life.	_	_	_	_	10187	_	_	start_char=57628|end_char=57633
10189	I	_	_	_	_	10188	_	_	start_char=57634|end_char=57635
10190	was	_	_	_	_	10189	_	_	start_char=57636|end_char=57639
10191	new	_	_	_	_	10190	_	_	start_char=57640|end_char=57643
10192	to	_	_	_	_	10191	_	_	start_char=57644|end_char=57646
10193	sorrow,	_	_	_	_	10192	_	_	start_char=57647|end_char=57654
10194	but	_	_	_	_	10193	_	_	start_char=57655|end_char=57658
10195	it	_	_	_	_	10194	_	_	start_char=57659|end_char=57661
10196	did	_	_	_	_	10195	_	_	start_char=57662|end_char=57665
10197	not	_	_	_	_	10196	_	_	start_char=57666|end_char=57669
10198	the	_	_	_	_	10197	_	_	start_char=57670|end_char=57673
10199	less	_	_	_	_	10198	_	_	start_char=57674|end_char=57678
10200	alarm	_	_	_	_	10199	_	_	start_char=57679|end_char=57684
10201	me.	_	_	_	_	10200	_	_	start_char=57685|end_char=57688
10202	I	_	_	_	_	10201	_	_	start_char=57689|end_char=57690
10203	was	_	_	_	_	10202	_	_	start_char=57691|end_char=57694
10204	unwilling	_	_	_	_	10203	_	_	start_char=57695|end_char=57704
10205	to	_	_	_	_	10204	_	_	start_char=57705|end_char=57707
10206	quit	_	_	_	_	10205	_	_	start_char=57708|end_char=57712
10207	the	_	_	_	_	10206	_	_	start_char=57713|end_char=57716
10208	sight	_	_	_	_	10207	_	_	start_char=57717|end_char=57722
10209	of	_	_	_	_	10208	_	_	start_char=57723|end_char=57725
10210	those	_	_	_	_	10209	_	_	start_char=57726|end_char=57731
10211	that	_	_	_	_	10210	_	_	start_char=57732|end_char=57736
10212	remained	_	_	_	_	10211	_	_	start_char=57737|end_char=57745
10213	to	_	_	_	_	10212	_	_	start_char=57746|end_char=57748
10214	me,	_	_	_	_	10213	_	_	start_char=57749|end_char=57752
10215	and	_	_	_	_	10214	_	_	start_char=57753|end_char=57756
10216	above	_	_	_	_	10215	_	_	start_char=57757|end_char=57762
10217	all,	_	_	_	_	10216	_	_	start_char=57763|end_char=57767
10218	I	_	_	_	_	10217	_	_	start_char=57768|end_char=57769
10219	desired	_	_	_	_	10218	_	_	start_char=57770|end_char=57777
10220	to	_	_	_	_	10219	_	_	start_char=57778|end_char=57780
10221	see	_	_	_	_	10220	_	_	start_char=57781|end_char=57784
10222	my	_	_	_	_	10221	_	_	start_char=57785|end_char=57787
10223	sweet	_	_	_	_	10222	_	_	start_char=57788|end_char=57793
10224	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	10223	_	_	start_char=57794|end_char=57803
10225	in	_	_	_	_	10224	_	_	start_char=57804|end_char=57806
10226	some	_	_	_	_	10225	_	_	start_char=57807|end_char=57811
10227	degree	_	_	_	_	10226	_	_	start_char=57812|end_char=57818
10228	consoled.	_	_	_	_	10227	_	_	start_char=57819|end_char=57828
10229	She	_	_	_	_	10228	_	_	start_char=57829|end_char=57832
10230	indeed	_	_	_	_	10229	_	_	start_char=57833|end_char=57839
10231	veiled	_	_	_	_	10230	_	_	start_char=57840|end_char=57846
10232	her	_	_	_	_	10231	_	_	start_char=57847|end_char=57850
10233	grief	_	_	_	_	10232	_	_	start_char=57851|end_char=57856
10234	and	_	_	_	_	10233	_	_	start_char=57857|end_char=57860
10235	strove	_	_	_	_	10234	_	_	start_char=57861|end_char=57867
10236	to	_	_	_	_	10235	_	_	start_char=57868|end_char=57870
10237	act	_	_	_	_	10236	_	_	start_char=57871|end_char=57874
10238	the	_	_	_	_	10237	_	_	start_char=57875|end_char=57878
10239	comforter	_	_	_	_	10238	_	_	start_char=57879|end_char=57888
10240	to	_	_	_	_	10239	_	_	start_char=57889|end_char=57891
10241	us	_	_	_	_	10240	_	_	start_char=57892|end_char=57894
10242	all.	_	_	_	_	10241	_	_	start_char=57895|end_char=57899
10243	She	_	_	_	_	10242	_	_	start_char=57900|end_char=57903
10244	looked	_	_	_	_	10243	_	_	start_char=57904|end_char=57910
10245	steadily	_	_	_	_	10244	_	_	start_char=57911|end_char=57919
10246	on	_	_	_	_	10245	_	_	start_char=57920|end_char=57922
10247	life	_	_	_	_	10246	_	_	start_char=57923|end_char=57927
10248	and	_	_	_	_	10247	_	_	start_char=57928|end_char=57931
10249	assumed	_	_	_	_	10248	_	_	start_char=57932|end_char=57939
10250	its	_	_	_	_	10249	_	_	start_char=57940|end_char=57943
10251	duties	_	_	_	_	10250	_	_	start_char=57944|end_char=57950
10252	with	_	_	_	_	10251	_	_	start_char=57951|end_char=57955
10253	courage	_	_	_	_	10252	_	_	start_char=57956|end_char=57963
10254	and	_	_	_	_	10253	_	_	start_char=57964|end_char=57967
10255	zeal.	_	_	_	_	10254	_	_	start_char=57968|end_char=57973
10256	She	_	_	_	_	10255	_	_	start_char=57974|end_char=57977
10257	devoted	_	_	_	_	10256	_	_	start_char=57978|end_char=57985
10258	herself	_	_	_	_	10257	_	_	start_char=57986|end_char=57993
10259	to	_	_	_	_	10258	_	_	start_char=57994|end_char=57996
10260	those	_	_	_	_	10259	_	_	start_char=57997|end_char=58002
10261	whom	_	_	_	_	10260	_	_	start_char=58003|end_char=58007
10262	she	_	_	_	_	10261	_	_	start_char=58008|end_char=58011
10263	had	_	_	_	_	10262	_	_	start_char=58012|end_char=58015
10264	been	_	_	_	_	10263	_	_	start_char=58016|end_char=58020
10265	taught	_	_	_	_	10264	_	_	start_char=58021|end_char=58027
10266	to	_	_	_	_	10265	_	_	start_char=58028|end_char=58030
10267	call	_	_	_	_	10266	_	_	start_char=58031|end_char=58035
10268	her	_	_	_	_	10267	_	_	start_char=58036|end_char=58039
10269	uncle	_	_	_	_	10268	_	_	start_char=58040|end_char=58045
10270	and	_	_	_	_	10269	_	_	start_char=58046|end_char=58049
10271	cousins.	_	_	_	_	10270	_	_	start_char=58050|end_char=58058
10272	Never	_	_	_	_	10271	_	_	start_char=58059|end_char=58064
10273	was	_	_	_	_	10272	_	_	start_char=58065|end_char=58068
10274	she	_	_	_	_	10273	_	_	start_char=58069|end_char=58072
10275	so	_	_	_	_	10274	_	_	start_char=58073|end_char=58075
10276	enchanting	_	_	_	_	10275	_	_	start_char=58076|end_char=58086
10277	as	_	_	_	_	10276	_	_	start_char=58087|end_char=58089
10278	at	_	_	_	_	10277	_	_	start_char=58090|end_char=58092
10279	this	_	_	_	_	10278	_	_	start_char=58093|end_char=58097
10280	time,	_	_	_	_	10279	_	_	start_char=58098|end_char=58103
10281	when	_	_	_	_	10280	_	_	start_char=58104|end_char=58108
10282	she	_	_	_	_	10281	_	_	start_char=58109|end_char=58112
10283	recalled	_	_	_	_	10282	_	_	start_char=58113|end_char=58121
10284	the	_	_	_	_	10283	_	_	start_char=58122|end_char=58125
10285	sunshine	_	_	_	_	10284	_	_	start_char=58126|end_char=58134
10286	of	_	_	_	_	10285	_	_	start_char=58135|end_char=58137
10287	her	_	_	_	_	10286	_	_	start_char=58138|end_char=58141
10288	smiles	_	_	_	_	10287	_	_	start_char=58142|end_char=58148
10289	and	_	_	_	_	10288	_	_	start_char=58149|end_char=58152
10290	spent	_	_	_	_	10289	_	_	start_char=58153|end_char=58158
10291	them	_	_	_	_	10290	_	_	start_char=58159|end_char=58163
10292	upon	_	_	_	_	10291	_	_	start_char=58164|end_char=58168
10293	us.	_	_	_	_	10292	_	_	start_char=58169|end_char=58172
10294	She	_	_	_	_	10293	_	_	start_char=58173|end_char=58176
10295	forgot	_	_	_	_	10294	_	_	start_char=58177|end_char=58183
10296	even	_	_	_	_	10295	_	_	start_char=58184|end_char=58188
10297	her	_	_	_	_	10296	_	_	start_char=58189|end_char=58192
10298	own	_	_	_	_	10297	_	_	start_char=58193|end_char=58196
10299	regret	_	_	_	_	10298	_	_	start_char=58197|end_char=58203
10300	in	_	_	_	_	10299	_	_	start_char=58204|end_char=58206
10301	her	_	_	_	_	10300	_	_	start_char=58207|end_char=58210
10302	endeavours	_	_	_	_	10301	_	_	start_char=58211|end_char=58221
10303	to	_	_	_	_	10302	_	_	start_char=58222|end_char=58224
10304	make	_	_	_	_	10303	_	_	start_char=58225|end_char=58229
10305	us	_	_	_	_	10304	_	_	start_char=58230|end_char=58232
10306	forget.	_	_	_	_	10305	_	_	start_char=58233|end_char=58240
10307	The	_	_	_	_	10306	_	_	start_char=58241|end_char=58244
10308	day	_	_	_	_	10307	_	_	start_char=58245|end_char=58248
10309	of	_	_	_	_	10308	_	_	start_char=58249|end_char=58251
10310	my	_	_	_	_	10309	_	_	start_char=58252|end_char=58254
10311	departure	_	_	_	_	10310	_	_	start_char=58255|end_char=58264
10312	at	_	_	_	_	10311	_	_	start_char=58265|end_char=58267
10313	length	_	_	_	_	10312	_	_	start_char=58268|end_char=58274
10314	arrived.	_	_	_	_	10313	_	_	start_char=58275|end_char=58283
10315	Clerval	_	_	_	_	10314	_	_	start_char=58284|end_char=58291
10316	spent	_	_	_	_	10315	_	_	start_char=58292|end_char=58297
10317	the	_	_	_	_	10316	_	_	start_char=58298|end_char=58301
10318	last	_	_	_	_	10317	_	_	start_char=58302|end_char=58306
10319	evening	_	_	_	_	10318	_	_	start_char=58307|end_char=58314
10320	with	_	_	_	_	10319	_	_	start_char=58315|end_char=58319
10321	us.	_	_	_	_	10320	_	_	start_char=58320|end_char=58323
10322	He	_	_	_	_	10321	_	_	start_char=58324|end_char=58326
10323	had	_	_	_	_	10322	_	_	start_char=58327|end_char=58330
10324	endeavoured	_	_	_	_	10323	_	_	start_char=58331|end_char=58342
10325	to	_	_	_	_	10324	_	_	start_char=58343|end_char=58345
10326	persuade	_	_	_	_	10325	_	_	start_char=58346|end_char=58354
10327	his	_	_	_	_	10326	_	_	start_char=58355|end_char=58358
10328	father	_	_	_	_	10327	_	_	start_char=58359|end_char=58365
10329	to	_	_	_	_	10328	_	_	start_char=58366|end_char=58368
10330	permit	_	_	_	_	10329	_	_	start_char=58369|end_char=58375
10331	him	_	_	_	_	10330	_	_	start_char=58376|end_char=58379
10332	to	_	_	_	_	10331	_	_	start_char=58380|end_char=58382
10333	accompany	_	_	_	_	10332	_	_	start_char=58383|end_char=58392
10334	me	_	_	_	_	10333	_	_	start_char=58393|end_char=58395
10335	and	_	_	_	_	10334	_	_	start_char=58396|end_char=58399
10336	to	_	_	_	_	10335	_	_	start_char=58400|end_char=58402
10337	become	_	_	_	_	10336	_	_	start_char=58403|end_char=58409
10338	my	_	_	_	_	10337	_	_	start_char=58410|end_char=58412
10339	fellow	_	_	_	_	10338	_	_	start_char=58413|end_char=58419
10340	student,	_	_	_	_	10339	_	_	start_char=58420|end_char=58428
10341	but	_	_	_	_	10340	_	_	start_char=58429|end_char=58432
10342	in	_	_	_	_	10341	_	_	start_char=58433|end_char=58435
10343	vain.	_	_	_	_	10342	_	_	start_char=58436|end_char=58441
10344	His	_	_	_	_	10343	_	_	start_char=58442|end_char=58445
10345	father	_	_	_	_	10344	_	_	start_char=58446|end_char=58452
10346	was	_	_	_	_	10345	_	_	start_char=58453|end_char=58456
10347	a	_	_	_	_	10346	_	_	start_char=58457|end_char=58458
10348	narrow-minded	_	_	_	_	10347	_	_	start_char=58459|end_char=58472
10349	trader	_	_	_	_	10348	_	_	start_char=58473|end_char=58479
10350	and	_	_	_	_	10349	_	_	start_char=58480|end_char=58483
10351	saw	_	_	_	_	10350	_	_	start_char=58484|end_char=58487
10352	idleness	_	_	_	_	10351	_	_	start_char=58488|end_char=58496
10353	and	_	_	_	_	10352	_	_	start_char=58497|end_char=58500
10354	ruin	_	_	_	_	10353	_	_	start_char=58501|end_char=58505
10355	in	_	_	_	_	10354	_	_	start_char=58506|end_char=58508
10356	the	_	_	_	_	10355	_	_	start_char=58509|end_char=58512
10357	aspirations	_	_	_	_	10356	_	_	start_char=58513|end_char=58524
10358	and	_	_	_	_	10357	_	_	start_char=58525|end_char=58528
10359	ambition	_	_	_	_	10358	_	_	start_char=58529|end_char=58537
10360	of	_	_	_	_	10359	_	_	start_char=58538|end_char=58540
10361	his	_	_	_	_	10360	_	_	start_char=58541|end_char=58544
10362	son.	_	_	_	_	10361	_	_	start_char=58545|end_char=58549
10363	Henry	_	_	_	_	10362	_	_	start_char=58550|end_char=58555
10364	deeply	_	_	_	_	10363	_	_	start_char=58556|end_char=58562
10365	felt	_	_	_	_	10364	_	_	start_char=58563|end_char=58567
10366	the	_	_	_	_	10365	_	_	start_char=58568|end_char=58571
10367	misfortune	_	_	_	_	10366	_	_	start_char=58572|end_char=58582
10368	of	_	_	_	_	10367	_	_	start_char=58583|end_char=58585
10369	being	_	_	_	_	10368	_	_	start_char=58586|end_char=58591
10370	debarred	_	_	_	_	10369	_	_	start_char=58592|end_char=58600
10371	from	_	_	_	_	10370	_	_	start_char=58601|end_char=58605
10372	a	_	_	_	_	10371	_	_	start_char=58606|end_char=58607
10373	liberal	_	_	_	_	10372	_	_	start_char=58608|end_char=58615
10374	education.	_	_	_	_	10373	_	_	start_char=58616|end_char=58626
10375	He	_	_	_	_	10374	_	_	start_char=58627|end_char=58629
10376	said	_	_	_	_	10375	_	_	start_char=58630|end_char=58634
10377	little,	_	_	_	_	10376	_	_	start_char=58635|end_char=58642
10378	but	_	_	_	_	10377	_	_	start_char=58643|end_char=58646
10379	when	_	_	_	_	10378	_	_	start_char=58647|end_char=58651
10380	he	_	_	_	_	10379	_	_	start_char=58652|end_char=58654
10381	spoke	_	_	_	_	10380	_	_	start_char=58655|end_char=58660
10382	I	_	_	_	_	10381	_	_	start_char=58661|end_char=58662
10383	read	_	_	_	_	10382	_	_	start_char=58663|end_char=58667
10384	in	_	_	_	_	10383	_	_	start_char=58668|end_char=58670
10385	his	_	_	_	_	10384	_	_	start_char=58671|end_char=58674
10386	kindling	_	_	_	_	10385	_	_	start_char=58675|end_char=58683
10387	eye	_	_	_	_	10386	_	_	start_char=58684|end_char=58687
10388	and	_	_	_	_	10387	_	_	start_char=58688|end_char=58691
10389	in	_	_	_	_	10388	_	_	start_char=58692|end_char=58694
10390	his	_	_	_	_	10389	_	_	start_char=58695|end_char=58698
10391	animated	_	_	_	_	10390	_	_	start_char=58699|end_char=58707
10392	glance	_	_	_	_	10391	_	_	start_char=58708|end_char=58714
10393	a	_	_	_	_	10392	_	_	start_char=58715|end_char=58716
10394	restrained	_	_	_	_	10393	_	_	start_char=58717|end_char=58727
10395	but	_	_	_	_	10394	_	_	start_char=58728|end_char=58731
10396	firm	_	_	_	_	10395	_	_	start_char=58732|end_char=58736
10397	resolve	_	_	_	_	10396	_	_	start_char=58737|end_char=58744
10398	not	_	_	_	_	10397	_	_	start_char=58745|end_char=58748
10399	to	_	_	_	_	10398	_	_	start_char=58749|end_char=58751
10400	be	_	_	_	_	10399	_	_	start_char=58752|end_char=58754
10401	chained	_	_	_	_	10400	_	_	start_char=58755|end_char=58762
10402	to	_	_	_	_	10401	_	_	start_char=58763|end_char=58765
10403	the	_	_	_	_	10402	_	_	start_char=58766|end_char=58769
10404	miserable	_	_	_	_	10403	_	_	start_char=58770|end_char=58779
10405	details	_	_	_	_	10404	_	_	start_char=58780|end_char=58787
10406	of	_	_	_	_	10405	_	_	start_char=58788|end_char=58790
10407	commerce.	_	_	_	_	10406	_	_	start_char=58791|end_char=58800
10408	We	_	_	_	_	10407	_	_	start_char=58801|end_char=58803
10409	sat	_	_	_	_	10408	_	_	start_char=58804|end_char=58807
10410	late.	_	_	_	_	10409	_	_	start_char=58808|end_char=58813
10411	We	_	_	_	_	10410	_	_	start_char=58814|end_char=58816
10412	could	_	_	_	_	10411	_	_	start_char=58817|end_char=58822
10413	not	_	_	_	_	10412	_	_	start_char=58823|end_char=58826
10414	tear	_	_	_	_	10413	_	_	start_char=58827|end_char=58831
10415	ourselves	_	_	_	_	10414	_	_	start_char=58832|end_char=58841
10416	away	_	_	_	_	10415	_	_	start_char=58842|end_char=58846
10417	from	_	_	_	_	10416	_	_	start_char=58847|end_char=58851
10418	each	_	_	_	_	10417	_	_	start_char=58852|end_char=58856
10419	other	_	_	_	_	10418	_	_	start_char=58857|end_char=58862
10420	nor	_	_	_	_	10419	_	_	start_char=58863|end_char=58866
10421	persuade	_	_	_	_	10420	_	_	start_char=58867|end_char=58875
10422	ourselves	_	_	_	_	10421	_	_	start_char=58876|end_char=58885
10423	to	_	_	_	_	10422	_	_	start_char=58886|end_char=58888
10424	say	_	_	_	_	10423	_	_	start_char=58889|end_char=58892
10425	the	_	_	_	_	10424	_	_	start_char=58893|end_char=58896
10426	word	_	_	_	_	10425	_	_	start_char=58897|end_char=58901
10427	“Farewell!”	_	_	_	_	10426	_	_	start_char=58902|end_char=58913
10428	It	_	_	_	_	10427	_	_	start_char=58914|end_char=58916
10429	was	_	_	_	_	10428	_	_	start_char=58917|end_char=58920
10430	said,	_	_	_	_	10429	_	_	start_char=58921|end_char=58926
10431	and	_	_	_	_	10430	_	_	start_char=58927|end_char=58930
10432	we	_	_	_	_	10431	_	_	start_char=58931|end_char=58933
10433	retired	_	_	_	_	10432	_	_	start_char=58934|end_char=58941
10434	under	_	_	_	_	10433	_	_	start_char=58942|end_char=58947
10435	the	_	_	_	_	10434	_	_	start_char=58948|end_char=58951
10436	pretence	_	_	_	_	10435	_	_	start_char=58952|end_char=58960
10437	of	_	_	_	_	10436	_	_	start_char=58961|end_char=58963
10438	seeking	_	_	_	_	10437	_	_	start_char=58964|end_char=58971
10439	repose,	_	_	_	_	10438	_	_	start_char=58972|end_char=58979
10440	each	_	_	_	_	10439	_	_	start_char=58980|end_char=58984
10441	fancying	_	_	_	_	10440	_	_	start_char=58985|end_char=58993
10442	that	_	_	_	_	10441	_	_	start_char=58994|end_char=58998
10443	the	_	_	_	_	10442	_	_	start_char=58999|end_char=59002
10444	other	_	_	_	_	10443	_	_	start_char=59003|end_char=59008
10445	was	_	_	_	_	10444	_	_	start_char=59009|end_char=59012
10446	deceived;	_	_	_	_	10445	_	_	start_char=59013|end_char=59022
10447	but	_	_	_	_	10446	_	_	start_char=59023|end_char=59026
10448	when	_	_	_	_	10447	_	_	start_char=59027|end_char=59031
10449	at	_	_	_	_	10448	_	_	start_char=59032|end_char=59034
10450	morning’s	_	_	_	_	10449	_	_	start_char=59035|end_char=59044
10451	dawn	_	_	_	_	10450	_	_	start_char=59045|end_char=59049
10452	I	_	_	_	_	10451	_	_	start_char=59050|end_char=59051
10453	descended	_	_	_	_	10452	_	_	start_char=59052|end_char=59061
10454	to	_	_	_	_	10453	_	_	start_char=59062|end_char=59064
10455	the	_	_	_	_	10454	_	_	start_char=59065|end_char=59068
10456	carriage	_	_	_	_	10455	_	_	start_char=59069|end_char=59077
10457	which	_	_	_	_	10456	_	_	start_char=59078|end_char=59083
10458	was	_	_	_	_	10457	_	_	start_char=59084|end_char=59087
10459	to	_	_	_	_	10458	_	_	start_char=59088|end_char=59090
10460	convey	_	_	_	_	10459	_	_	start_char=59091|end_char=59097
10461	me	_	_	_	_	10460	_	_	start_char=59098|end_char=59100
10462	away,	_	_	_	_	10461	_	_	start_char=59101|end_char=59106
10463	they	_	_	_	_	10462	_	_	start_char=59107|end_char=59111
10464	were	_	_	_	_	10463	_	_	start_char=59112|end_char=59116
10465	all	_	_	_	_	10464	_	_	start_char=59117|end_char=59120
10466	there—my	_	_	_	_	10465	_	_	start_char=59121|end_char=59129
10467	father	_	_	_	_	10466	_	_	start_char=59130|end_char=59136
10468	again	_	_	_	_	10467	_	_	start_char=59137|end_char=59142
10469	to	_	_	_	_	10468	_	_	start_char=59143|end_char=59145
10470	bless	_	_	_	_	10469	_	_	start_char=59146|end_char=59151
10471	me,	_	_	_	_	10470	_	_	start_char=59152|end_char=59155
10472	Clerval	_	_	_	_	10471	_	_	start_char=59156|end_char=59163
10473	to	_	_	_	_	10472	_	_	start_char=59164|end_char=59166
10474	press	_	_	_	_	10473	_	_	start_char=59167|end_char=59172
10475	my	_	_	_	_	10474	_	_	start_char=59173|end_char=59175
10476	hand	_	_	_	_	10475	_	_	start_char=59176|end_char=59180
10477	once	_	_	_	_	10476	_	_	start_char=59181|end_char=59185
10478	more,	_	_	_	_	10477	_	_	start_char=59186|end_char=59191
10479	my	_	_	_	_	10478	_	_	start_char=59192|end_char=59194
10480	Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	10479	_	_	start_char=59195|end_char=59204
10481	to	_	_	_	_	10480	_	_	start_char=59205|end_char=59207
10482	renew	_	_	_	_	10481	_	_	start_char=59208|end_char=59213
10483	her	_	_	_	_	10482	_	_	start_char=59214|end_char=59217
10484	entreaties	_	_	_	_	10483	_	_	start_char=59218|end_char=59228
10485	that	_	_	_	_	10484	_	_	start_char=59229|end_char=59233
10486	I	_	_	_	_	10485	_	_	start_char=59234|end_char=59235
10487	would	_	_	_	_	10486	_	_	start_char=59236|end_char=59241
10488	write	_	_	_	_	10487	_	_	start_char=59242|end_char=59247
10489	often	_	_	_	_	10488	_	_	start_char=59248|end_char=59253
10490	and	_	_	_	_	10489	_	_	start_char=59254|end_char=59257
10491	to	_	_	_	_	10490	_	_	start_char=59258|end_char=59260
10492	bestow	_	_	_	_	10491	_	_	start_char=59261|end_char=59267
10493	the	_	_	_	_	10492	_	_	start_char=59268|end_char=59271
10494	last	_	_	_	_	10493	_	_	start_char=59272|end_char=59276
10495	feminine	_	_	_	_	10494	_	_	start_char=59277|end_char=59285
10496	attentions	_	_	_	_	10495	_	_	start_char=59286|end_char=59296
10497	on	_	_	_	_	10496	_	_	start_char=59297|end_char=59299
10498	her	_	_	_	_	10497	_	_	start_char=59300|end_char=59303
10499	playmate	_	_	_	_	10498	_	_	start_char=59304|end_char=59312
10500	and	_	_	_	_	10499	_	_	start_char=59313|end_char=59316
10501	friend.	_	_	_	_	10500	_	_	start_char=59317|end_char=59324
10502	I	_	_	_	_	10501	_	_	start_char=59325|end_char=59326
10503	threw	_	_	_	_	10502	_	_	start_char=59327|end_char=59332
10504	myself	_	_	_	_	10503	_	_	start_char=59333|end_char=59339
10505	into	_	_	_	_	10504	_	_	start_char=59340|end_char=59344
10506	the	_	_	_	_	10505	_	_	start_char=59345|end_char=59348
10507	chaise	_	_	_	_	10506	_	_	start_char=59349|end_char=59355
10508	that	_	_	_	_	10507	_	_	start_char=59356|end_char=59360
10509	was	_	_	_	_	10508	_	_	start_char=59361|end_char=59364
10510	to	_	_	_	_	10509	_	_	start_char=59365|end_char=59367
10511	convey	_	_	_	_	10510	_	_	start_char=59368|end_char=59374
10512	me	_	_	_	_	10511	_	_	start_char=59375|end_char=59377
10513	away	_	_	_	_	10512	_	_	start_char=59378|end_char=59382
10514	and	_	_	_	_	10513	_	_	start_char=59383|end_char=59386
10515	indulged	_	_	_	_	10514	_	_	start_char=59387|end_char=59395
10516	in	_	_	_	_	10515	_	_	start_char=59396|end_char=59398
10517	the	_	_	_	_	10516	_	_	start_char=59399|end_char=59402
10518	most	_	_	_	_	10517	_	_	start_char=59403|end_char=59407
10519	melancholy	_	_	_	_	10518	_	_	start_char=59408|end_char=59418
10520	reflections.	_	_	_	_	10519	_	_	start_char=59419|end_char=59431
10521	I,	_	_	_	_	10520	_	_	start_char=59432|end_char=59434
10522	who	_	_	_	_	10521	_	_	start_char=59435|end_char=59438
10523	had	_	_	_	_	10522	_	_	start_char=59439|end_char=59442
10524	ever	_	_	_	_	10523	_	_	start_char=59443|end_char=59447
10525	been	_	_	_	_	10524	_	_	start_char=59448|end_char=59452
10526	surrounded	_	_	_	_	10525	_	_	start_char=59453|end_char=59463
10527	by	_	_	_	_	10526	_	_	start_char=59464|end_char=59466
10528	amiable	_	_	_	_	10527	_	_	start_char=59467|end_char=59474
10529	companions,	_	_	_	_	10528	_	_	start_char=59475|end_char=59486
10530	continually	_	_	_	_	10529	_	_	start_char=59487|end_char=59498
10531	engaged	_	_	_	_	10530	_	_	start_char=59499|end_char=59506
10532	in	_	_	_	_	10531	_	_	start_char=59507|end_char=59509
10533	endeavouring	_	_	_	_	10532	_	_	start_char=59510|end_char=59522
10534	to	_	_	_	_	10533	_	_	start_char=59523|end_char=59525
10535	bestow	_	_	_	_	10534	_	_	start_char=59526|end_char=59532
10536	mutual	_	_	_	_	10535	_	_	start_char=59533|end_char=59539
10537	pleasure—I	_	_	_	_	10536	_	_	start_char=59540|end_char=59550
10538	was	_	_	_	_	10537	_	_	start_char=59551|end_char=59554
10539	now	_	_	_	_	10538	_	_	start_char=59555|end_char=59558
10540	alone.	_	_	_	_	10539	_	_	start_char=59559|end_char=59565
10541	In	_	_	_	_	10540	_	_	start_char=59566|end_char=59568
10542	the	_	_	_	_	10541	_	_	start_char=59569|end_char=59572
10543	university	_	_	_	_	10542	_	_	start_char=59573|end_char=59583
10544	whither	_	_	_	_	10543	_	_	start_char=59584|end_char=59591
10545	I	_	_	_	_	10544	_	_	start_char=59592|end_char=59593
10546	was	_	_	_	_	10545	_	_	start_char=59594|end_char=59597
10547	going	_	_	_	_	10546	_	_	start_char=59598|end_char=59603
10548	I	_	_	_	_	10547	_	_	start_char=59604|end_char=59605
10549	must	_	_	_	_	10548	_	_	start_char=59606|end_char=59610
10550	form	_	_	_	_	10549	_	_	start_char=59611|end_char=59615
10551	my	_	_	_	_	10550	_	_	start_char=59616|end_char=59618
10552	own	_	_	_	_	10551	_	_	start_char=59619|end_char=59622
10553	friends	_	_	_	_	10552	_	_	start_char=59623|end_char=59630
10554	and	_	_	_	_	10553	_	_	start_char=59631|end_char=59634
10555	be	_	_	_	_	10554	_	_	start_char=59635|end_char=59637
10556	my	_	_	_	_	10555	_	_	start_char=59638|end_char=59640
10557	own	_	_	_	_	10556	_	_	start_char=59641|end_char=59644
10558	protector.	_	_	_	_	10557	_	_	start_char=59645|end_char=59655
10559	My	_	_	_	_	10558	_	_	start_char=59656|end_char=59658
10560	life	_	_	_	_	10559	_	_	start_char=59659|end_char=59663
10561	had	_	_	_	_	10560	_	_	start_char=59664|end_char=59667
10562	hitherto	_	_	_	_	10561	_	_	start_char=59668|end_char=59676
10563	been	_	_	_	_	10562	_	_	start_char=59677|end_char=59681
10564	remarkably	_	_	_	_	10563	_	_	start_char=59682|end_char=59692
10565	secluded	_	_	_	_	10564	_	_	start_char=59693|end_char=59701
10566	and	_	_	_	_	10565	_	_	start_char=59702|end_char=59705
10567	domestic,	_	_	_	_	10566	_	_	start_char=59706|end_char=59715
10568	and	_	_	_	_	10567	_	_	start_char=59716|end_char=59719
10569	this	_	_	_	_	10568	_	_	start_char=59720|end_char=59724
10570	had	_	_	_	_	10569	_	_	start_char=59725|end_char=59728
10571	given	_	_	_	_	10570	_	_	start_char=59729|end_char=59734
10572	me	_	_	_	_	10571	_	_	start_char=59735|end_char=59737
10573	invincible	_	_	_	_	10572	_	_	start_char=59738|end_char=59748
10574	repugnance	_	_	_	_	10573	_	_	start_char=59749|end_char=59759
10575	to	_	_	_	_	10574	_	_	start_char=59760|end_char=59762
10576	new	_	_	_	_	10575	_	_	start_char=59763|end_char=59766
10577	countenances.	_	_	_	_	10576	_	_	start_char=59767|end_char=59780
10578	I	_	_	_	_	10577	_	_	start_char=59781|end_char=59782
10579	loved	_	_	_	_	10578	_	_	start_char=59783|end_char=59788
10580	my	_	_	_	_	10579	_	_	start_char=59789|end_char=59791
10581	brothers,	_	_	_	_	10580	_	_	start_char=59792|end_char=59801
10582	Elizabeth,	_	_	_	_	10581	_	_	start_char=59802|end_char=59812
10583	and	_	_	_	_	10582	_	_	start_char=59813|end_char=59816
10584	Clerval;	_	_	_	_	10583	_	_	start_char=59817|end_char=59825
10585	these	_	_	_	_	10584	_	_	start_char=59826|end_char=59831
10586	were	_	_	_	_	10585	_	_	start_char=59832|end_char=59836
10587	“old	_	_	_	_	10586	_	_	start_char=59837|end_char=59841
10588	familiar	_	_	_	_	10587	_	_	start_char=59842|end_char=59850
10589	faces,”	_	_	_	_	10588	_	_	start_char=59851|end_char=59858
10590	but	_	_	_	_	10589	_	_	start_char=59859|end_char=59862
10591	I	_	_	_	_	10590	_	_	start_char=59863|end_char=59864
10592	believed	_	_	_	_	10591	_	_	start_char=59865|end_char=59873
10593	myself	_	_	_	_	10592	_	_	start_char=59874|end_char=59880
10594	totally	_	_	_	_	10593	_	_	start_char=59881|end_char=59888
10595	unfitted	_	_	_	_	10594	_	_	start_char=59889|end_char=59897
10596	for	_	_	_	_	10595	_	_	start_char=59898|end_char=59901
10597	the	_	_	_	_	10596	_	_	start_char=59902|end_char=59905
10598	company	_	_	_	_	10597	_	_	start_char=59906|end_char=59913
10599	of	_	_	_	_	10598	_	_	start_char=59914|end_char=59916
10600	strangers.	_	_	_	_	10599	_	_	start_char=59917|end_char=59927
10601	Such	_	_	_	_	10600	_	_	start_char=59928|end_char=59932
10602	were	_	_	_	_	10601	_	_	start_char=59933|end_char=59937
10603	my	_	_	_	_	10602	_	_	start_char=59938|end_char=59940
10604	reflections	_	_	_	_	10603	_	_	start_char=59941|end_char=59952
10605	as	_	_	_	_	10604	_	_	start_char=59953|end_char=59955
10606	I	_	_	_	_	10605	_	_	start_char=59956|end_char=59957
10607	commenced	_	_	_	_	10606	_	_	start_char=59958|end_char=59967
10608	my	_	_	_	_	10607	_	_	start_char=59968|end_char=59970
10609	journey;	_	_	_	_	10608	_	_	start_char=59971|end_char=59979
10610	but	_	_	_	_	10609	_	_	start_char=59980|end_char=59983
10611	as	_	_	_	_	10610	_	_	start_char=59984|end_char=59986
10612	I	_	_	_	_	10611	_	_	start_char=59987|end_char=59988
10613	proceeded,	_	_	_	_	10612	_	_	start_char=59989|end_char=59999
10614	my	_	_	_	_	10613	_	_	start_char=60000|end_char=60002
10615	spirits	_	_	_	_	10614	_	_	start_char=60003|end_char=60010
10616	and	_	_	_	_	10615	_	_	start_char=60011|end_char=60014
10617	hopes	_	_	_	_	10616	_	_	start_char=60015|end_char=60020
10618	rose.	_	_	_	_	10617	_	_	start_char=60021|end_char=60026
10619	I	_	_	_	_	10618	_	_	start_char=60027|end_char=60028
10620	ardently	_	_	_	_	10619	_	_	start_char=60029|end_char=60037
10621	desired	_	_	_	_	10620	_	_	start_char=60038|end_char=60045
10622	the	_	_	_	_	10621	_	_	start_char=60046|end_char=60049
10623	acquisition	_	_	_	_	10622	_	_	start_char=60050|end_char=60061
10624	of	_	_	_	_	10623	_	_	start_char=60062|end_char=60064
10625	knowledge.	_	_	_	_	10624	_	_	start_char=60065|end_char=60075
10626	I	_	_	_	_	10625	_	_	start_char=60076|end_char=60077
10627	had	_	_	_	_	10626	_	_	start_char=60078|end_char=60081
10628	often,	_	_	_	_	10627	_	_	start_char=60082|end_char=60088
10629	when	_	_	_	_	10628	_	_	start_char=60089|end_char=60093
10630	at	_	_	_	_	10629	_	_	start_char=60094|end_char=60096
10631	home,	_	_	_	_	10630	_	_	start_char=60097|end_char=60102
10632	thought	_	_	_	_	10631	_	_	start_char=60103|end_char=60110
10633	it	_	_	_	_	10632	_	_	start_char=60111|end_char=60113
10634	hard	_	_	_	_	10633	_	_	start_char=60114|end_char=60118
10635	to	_	_	_	_	10634	_	_	start_char=60119|end_char=60121
10636	remain	_	_	_	_	10635	_	_	start_char=60122|end_char=60128
10637	during	_	_	_	_	10636	_	_	start_char=60129|end_char=60135
10638	my	_	_	_	_	10637	_	_	start_char=60136|end_char=60138
10639	youth	_	_	_	_	10638	_	_	start_char=60139|end_char=60144
10640	cooped	_	_	_	_	10639	_	_	start_char=60145|end_char=60151
10641	up	_	_	_	_	10640	_	_	start_char=60152|end_char=60154
10642	in	_	_	_	_	10641	_	_	start_char=60155|end_char=60157
10643	one	_	_	_	_	10642	_	_	start_char=60158|end_char=60161
10644	place	_	_	_	_	10643	_	_	start_char=60162|end_char=60167
10645	and	_	_	_	_	10644	_	_	start_char=60168|end_char=60171
10646	had	_	_	_	_	10645	_	_	start_char=60172|end_char=60175
10647	longed	_	_	_	_	10646	_	_	start_char=60176|end_char=60182
10648	to	_	_	_	_	10647	_	_	start_char=60183|end_char=60185
10649	enter	_	_	_	_	10648	_	_	start_char=60186|end_char=60191
10650	the	_	_	_	_	10649	_	_	start_char=60192|end_char=60195
10651	world	_	_	_	_	10650	_	_	start_char=60196|end_char=60201
10652	and	_	_	_	_	10651	_	_	start_char=60202|end_char=60205
10653	take	_	_	_	_	10652	_	_	start_char=60206|end_char=60210
10654	my	_	_	_	_	10653	_	_	start_char=60211|end_char=60213
10655	station	_	_	_	_	10654	_	_	start_char=60214|end_char=60221
10656	among	_	_	_	_	10655	_	_	start_char=60222|end_char=60227
10657	other	_	_	_	_	10656	_	_	start_char=60228|end_char=60233
10658	human	_	_	_	_	10657	_	_	start_char=60234|end_char=60239
10659	beings.	_	_	_	_	10658	_	_	start_char=60240|end_char=60247
10660	Now	_	_	_	_	10659	_	_	start_char=60248|end_char=60251
10661	my	_	_	_	_	10660	_	_	start_char=60252|end_char=60254
10662	desires	_	_	_	_	10661	_	_	start_char=60255|end_char=60262
10663	were	_	_	_	_	10662	_	_	start_char=60263|end_char=60267
10664	complied	_	_	_	_	10663	_	_	start_char=60268|end_char=60276
10665	with,	_	_	_	_	10664	_	_	start_char=60277|end_char=60282
10666	and	_	_	_	_	10665	_	_	start_char=60283|end_char=60286
10667	it	_	_	_	_	10666	_	_	start_char=60287|end_char=60289
10668	would,	_	_	_	_	10667	_	_	start_char=60290|end_char=60296
10669	indeed,	_	_	_	_	10668	_	_	start_char=60297|end_char=60304
10670	have	_	_	_	_	10669	_	_	start_char=60305|end_char=60309
10671	been	_	_	_	_	10670	_	_	start_char=60310|end_char=60314
10672	folly	_	_	_	_	10671	_	_	start_char=60315|end_char=60320
10673	to	_	_	_	_	10672	_	_	start_char=60321|end_char=60323
10674	repent.	_	_	_	_	10673	_	_	start_char=60324|end_char=60331
10675	I	_	_	_	_	10674	_	_	start_char=60332|end_char=60333
10676	had	_	_	_	_	10675	_	_	start_char=60334|end_char=60337
10677	sufficient	_	_	_	_	10676	_	_	start_char=60338|end_char=60348
10678	leisure	_	_	_	_	10677	_	_	start_char=60349|end_char=60356
10679	for	_	_	_	_	10678	_	_	start_char=60357|end_char=60360
10680	these	_	_	_	_	10679	_	_	start_char=60361|end_char=60366
10681	and	_	_	_	_	10680	_	_	start_char=60367|end_char=60370
10682	many	_	_	_	_	10681	_	_	start_char=60371|end_char=60375
10683	other	_	_	_	_	10682	_	_	start_char=60376|end_char=60381
10684	reflections	_	_	_	_	10683	_	_	start_char=60382|end_char=60393
10685	during	_	_	_	_	10684	_	_	start_char=60394|end_char=60400
10686	my	_	_	_	_	10685	_	_	start_char=60401|end_char=60403
10687	journey	_	_	_	_	10686	_	_	start_char=60404|end_char=60411
10688	to	_	_	_	_	10687	_	_	start_char=60412|end_char=60414
10689	Ingolstadt,	_	_	_	_	10688	_	_	start_char=60415|end_char=60426
10690	which	_	_	_	_	10689	_	_	start_char=60427|end_char=60432
10691	was	_	_	_	_	10690	_	_	start_char=60433|end_char=60436
10692	long	_	_	_	_	10691	_	_	start_char=60437|end_char=60441
10693	and	_	_	_	_	10692	_	_	start_char=60442|end_char=60445
10694	fatiguing.	_	_	_	_	10693	_	_	start_char=60446|end_char=60456
10695	At	_	_	_	_	10694	_	_	start_char=60457|end_char=60459
10696	length	_	_	_	_	10695	_	_	start_char=60460|end_char=60466
10697	the	_	_	_	_	10696	_	_	start_char=60467|end_char=60470
10698	high	_	_	_	_	10697	_	_	start_char=60471|end_char=60475
10699	white	_	_	_	_	10698	_	_	start_char=60476|end_char=60481
10700	steeple	_	_	_	_	10699	_	_	start_char=60482|end_char=60489
10701	of	_	_	_	_	10700	_	_	start_char=60490|end_char=60492
10702	the	_	_	_	_	10701	_	_	start_char=60493|end_char=60496
10703	town	_	_	_	_	10702	_	_	start_char=60497|end_char=60501
10704	met	_	_	_	_	10703	_	_	start_char=60502|end_char=60505
10705	my	_	_	_	_	10704	_	_	start_char=60506|end_char=60508
10706	eyes.	_	_	_	_	10705	_	_	start_char=60509|end_char=60514
10707	I	_	_	_	_	10706	_	_	start_char=60515|end_char=60516
10708	alighted	_	_	_	_	10707	_	_	start_char=60517|end_char=60525
10709	and	_	_	_	_	10708	_	_	start_char=60526|end_char=60529
10710	was	_	_	_	_	10709	_	_	start_char=60530|end_char=60533
10711	conducted	_	_	_	_	10710	_	_	start_char=60534|end_char=60543
10712	to	_	_	_	_	10711	_	_	start_char=60544|end_char=60546
10713	my	_	_	_	_	10712	_	_	start_char=60547|end_char=60549
10714	solitary	_	_	_	_	10713	_	_	start_char=60550|end_char=60558
10715	apartment	_	_	_	_	10714	_	_	start_char=60559|end_char=60568
10716	to	_	_	_	_	10715	_	_	start_char=60569|end_char=60571
10717	spend	_	_	_	_	10716	_	_	start_char=60572|end_char=60577
10718	the	_	_	_	_	10717	_	_	start_char=60578|end_char=60581
10719	evening	_	_	_	_	10718	_	_	start_char=60582|end_char=60589
10720	as	_	_	_	_	10719	_	_	start_char=60590|end_char=60592
10721	I	_	_	_	_	10720	_	_	start_char=60593|end_char=60594
10722	pleased.	_	_	_	_	10721	_	_	start_char=60595|end_char=60603
10723	The	_	_	_	_	10722	_	_	start_char=60604|end_char=60607
10724	next	_	_	_	_	10723	_	_	start_char=60608|end_char=60612
10725	morning	_	_	_	_	10724	_	_	start_char=60613|end_char=60620
10726	I	_	_	_	_	10725	_	_	start_char=60621|end_char=60622
10727	delivered	_	_	_	_	10726	_	_	start_char=60623|end_char=60632
10728	my	_	_	_	_	10727	_	_	start_char=60633|end_char=60635
10729	letters	_	_	_	_	10728	_	_	start_char=60636|end_char=60643
10730	of	_	_	_	_	10729	_	_	start_char=60644|end_char=60646
10731	introduction	_	_	_	_	10730	_	_	start_char=60647|end_char=60659
10732	and	_	_	_	_	10731	_	_	start_char=60660|end_char=60663
10733	paid	_	_	_	_	10732	_	_	start_char=60664|end_char=60668
10734	a	_	_	_	_	10733	_	_	start_char=60669|end_char=60670
10735	visit	_	_	_	_	10734	_	_	start_char=60671|end_char=60676
10736	to	_	_	_	_	10735	_	_	start_char=60677|end_char=60679
10737	some	_	_	_	_	10736	_	_	start_char=60680|end_char=60684
10738	of	_	_	_	_	10737	_	_	start_char=60685|end_char=60687
10739	the	_	_	_	_	10738	_	_	start_char=60688|end_char=60691
10740	principal	_	_	_	_	10739	_	_	start_char=60692|end_char=60701
10741	professors.	_	_	_	_	10740	_	_	start_char=60702|end_char=60713
10742	Chance—or	_	_	_	_	10741	_	_	start_char=60714|end_char=60723
10743	rather	_	_	_	_	10742	_	_	start_char=60724|end_char=60730
10744	the	_	_	_	_	10743	_	_	start_char=60731|end_char=60734
10745	evil	_	_	_	_	10744	_	_	start_char=60735|end_char=60739
10746	influence,	_	_	_	_	10745	_	_	start_char=60740|end_char=60750
10747	the	_	_	_	_	10746	_	_	start_char=60751|end_char=60754
10748	Angel	_	_	_	_	10747	_	_	start_char=60755|end_char=60760
10749	of	_	_	_	_	10748	_	_	start_char=60761|end_char=60763
10750	Destruction,	_	_	_	_	10749	_	_	start_char=60764|end_char=60776
10751	which	_	_	_	_	10750	_	_	start_char=60777|end_char=60782
10752	asserted	_	_	_	_	10751	_	_	start_char=60783|end_char=60791
10753	omnipotent	_	_	_	_	10752	_	_	start_char=60792|end_char=60802
10754	sway	_	_	_	_	10753	_	_	start_char=60803|end_char=60807
10755	over	_	_	_	_	10754	_	_	start_char=60808|end_char=60812
10756	me	_	_	_	_	10755	_	_	start_char=60813|end_char=60815
10757	from	_	_	_	_	10756	_	_	start_char=60816|end_char=60820
10758	the	_	_	_	_	10757	_	_	start_char=60821|end_char=60824
10759	moment	_	_	_	_	10758	_	_	start_char=60825|end_char=60831
10760	I	_	_	_	_	10759	_	_	start_char=60832|end_char=60833
10761	turned	_	_	_	_	10760	_	_	start_char=60834|end_char=60840
10762	my	_	_	_	_	10761	_	_	start_char=60841|end_char=60843
10763	reluctant	_	_	_	_	10762	_	_	start_char=60844|end_char=60853
10764	steps	_	_	_	_	10763	_	_	start_char=60854|end_char=60859
10765	from	_	_	_	_	10764	_	_	start_char=60860|end_char=60864
10766	my	_	_	_	_	10765	_	_	start_char=60865|end_char=60867
10767	father’s	_	_	_	_	10766	_	_	start_char=60868|end_char=60876
10768	door—led	_	_	_	_	10767	_	_	start_char=60877|end_char=60885
10769	me	_	_	_	_	10768	_	_	start_char=60886|end_char=60888
10770	first	_	_	_	_	10769	_	_	start_char=60889|end_char=60894
10771	to	_	_	_	_	10770	_	_	start_char=60895|end_char=60897
10772	M.	_	_	_	_	10771	_	_	start_char=60898|end_char=60900
10773	Krempe,	_	_	_	_	10772	_	_	start_char=60901|end_char=60908
10774	professor	_	_	_	_	10773	_	_	start_char=60909|end_char=60918
10775	of	_	_	_	_	10774	_	_	start_char=60919|end_char=60921
10776	natural	_	_	_	_	10775	_	_	start_char=60922|end_char=60929
10777	philosophy.	_	_	_	_	10776	_	_	start_char=60930|end_char=60941
10778	He	_	_	_	_	10777	_	_	start_char=60942|end_char=60944
10779	was	_	_	_	_	10778	_	_	start_char=60945|end_char=60948
10780	an	_	_	_	_	10779	_	_	start_char=60949|end_char=60951
10781	uncouth	_	_	_	_	10780	_	_	start_char=60952|end_char=60959
10782	man,	_	_	_	_	10781	_	_	start_char=60960|end_char=60964
10783	but	_	_	_	_	10782	_	_	start_char=60965|end_char=60968
10784	deeply	_	_	_	_	10783	_	_	start_char=60969|end_char=60975
10785	imbued	_	_	_	_	10784	_	_	start_char=60976|end_char=60982
10786	in	_	_	_	_	10785	_	_	start_char=60983|end_char=60985
10787	the	_	_	_	_	10786	_	_	start_char=60986|end_char=60989
10788	secrets	_	_	_	_	10787	_	_	start_char=60990|end_char=60997
10789	of	_	_	_	_	10788	_	_	start_char=60998|end_char=61000
10790	his	_	_	_	_	10789	_	_	start_char=61001|end_char=61004
10791	science.	_	_	_	_	10790	_	_	start_char=61005|end_char=61013
10792	He	_	_	_	_	10791	_	_	start_char=61014|end_char=61016
10793	asked	_	_	_	_	10792	_	_	start_char=61017|end_char=61022
10794	me	_	_	_	_	10793	_	_	start_char=61023|end_char=61025
10795	several	_	_	_	_	10794	_	_	start_char=61026|end_char=61033
10796	questions	_	_	_	_	10795	_	_	start_char=61034|end_char=61043
10797	concerning	_	_	_	_	10796	_	_	start_char=61044|end_char=61054
10798	my	_	_	_	_	10797	_	_	start_char=61055|end_char=61057
10799	progress	_	_	_	_	10798	_	_	start_char=61058|end_char=61066
10800	in	_	_	_	_	10799	_	_	start_char=61067|end_char=61069
10801	the	_	_	_	_	10800	_	_	start_char=61070|end_char=61073
10802	different	_	_	_	_	10801	_	_	start_char=61074|end_char=61083
10803	branches	_	_	_	_	10802	_	_	start_char=61084|end_char=61092
10804	of	_	_	_	_	10803	_	_	start_char=61093|end_char=61095
10805	science	_	_	_	_	10804	_	_	start_char=61096|end_char=61103
10806	appertaining	_	_	_	_	10805	_	_	start_char=61104|end_char=61116
10807	to	_	_	_	_	10806	_	_	start_char=61117|end_char=61119
10808	natural	_	_	_	_	10807	_	_	start_char=61120|end_char=61127
10809	philosophy.	_	_	_	_	10808	_	_	start_char=61128|end_char=61139
10810	I	_	_	_	_	10809	_	_	start_char=61140|end_char=61141
10811	replied	_	_	_	_	10810	_	_	start_char=61142|end_char=61149
10812	carelessly,	_	_	_	_	10811	_	_	start_char=61150|end_char=61161
10813	and	_	_	_	_	10812	_	_	start_char=61162|end_char=61165
10814	partly	_	_	_	_	10813	_	_	start_char=61166|end_char=61172
10815	in	_	_	_	_	10814	_	_	start_char=61173|end_char=61175
10816	contempt,	_	_	_	_	10815	_	_	start_char=61176|end_char=61185
10817	mentioned	_	_	_	_	10816	_	_	start_char=61186|end_char=61195
10818	the	_	_	_	_	10817	_	_	start_char=61196|end_char=61199
10819	names	_	_	_	_	10818	_	_	start_char=61200|end_char=61205
10820	of	_	_	_	_	10819	_	_	start_char=61206|end_char=61208
10821	my	_	_	_	_	10820	_	_	start_char=61209|end_char=61211
10822	alchemists	_	_	_	_	10821	_	_	start_char=61212|end_char=61222
10823	as	_	_	_	_	10822	_	_	start_char=61223|end_char=61225
10824	the	_	_	_	_	10823	_	_	start_char=61226|end_char=61229
10825	principal	_	_	_	_	10824	_	_	start_char=61230|end_char=61239
10826	authors	_	_	_	_	10825	_	_	start_char=61240|end_char=61247
10827	I	_	_	_	_	10826	_	_	start_char=61248|end_char=61249
10828	had	_	_	_	_	10827	_	_	start_char=61250|end_char=61253
10829	studied.	_	_	_	_	10828	_	_	start_char=61254|end_char=61262
10830	The	_	_	_	_	10829	_	_	start_char=61263|end_char=61266
10831	professor	_	_	_	_	10830	_	_	start_char=61267|end_char=61276
10832	stared.	_	_	_	_	10831	_	_	start_char=61277|end_char=61284
10833	“Have	_	_	_	_	10832	_	_	start_char=61285|end_char=61290
10834	you,”	_	_	_	_	10833	_	_	start_char=61291|end_char=61296
10835	he	_	_	_	_	10834	_	_	start_char=61297|end_char=61299
10836	said,	_	_	_	_	10835	_	_	start_char=61300|end_char=61305
10837	“really	_	_	_	_	10836	_	_	start_char=61306|end_char=61313
10838	spent	_	_	_	_	10837	_	_	start_char=61314|end_char=61319
10839	your	_	_	_	_	10838	_	_	start_char=61320|end_char=61324
10840	time	_	_	_	_	10839	_	_	start_char=61325|end_char=61329
10841	in	_	_	_	_	10840	_	_	start_char=61330|end_char=61332
10842	studying	_	_	_	_	10841	_	_	start_char=61333|end_char=61341
10843	such	_	_	_	_	10842	_	_	start_char=61342|end_char=61346
10844	nonsense?”	_	_	_	_	10843	_	_	start_char=61347|end_char=61357
10845	I	_	_	_	_	10844	_	_	start_char=61358|end_char=61359
10846	replied	_	_	_	_	10845	_	_	start_char=61360|end_char=61367
10847	in	_	_	_	_	10846	_	_	start_char=61368|end_char=61370
10848	the	_	_	_	_	10847	_	_	start_char=61371|end_char=61374
10849	affirmative.	_	_	_	_	10848	_	_	start_char=61375|end_char=61387
10850	“Every	_	_	_	_	10849	_	_	start_char=61388|end_char=61394
10851	minute,”	_	_	_	_	10850	_	_	start_char=61395|end_char=61403
10852	continued	_	_	_	_	10851	_	_	start_char=61404|end_char=61413
10853	M.	_	_	_	_	10852	_	_	start_char=61414|end_char=61416
10854	Krempe	_	_	_	_	10853	_	_	start_char=61417|end_char=61423
10855	with	_	_	_	_	10854	_	_	start_char=61424|end_char=61428
10856	warmth,	_	_	_	_	10855	_	_	start_char=61429|end_char=61436
10857	“every	_	_	_	_	10856	_	_	start_char=61437|end_char=61443
10858	instant	_	_	_	_	10857	_	_	start_char=61444|end_char=61451
10859	that	_	_	_	_	10858	_	_	start_char=61452|end_char=61456
10860	you	_	_	_	_	10859	_	_	start_char=61457|end_char=61460
10861	have	_	_	_	_	10860	_	_	start_char=61461|end_char=61465
10862	wasted	_	_	_	_	10861	_	_	start_char=61466|end_char=61472
10863	on	_	_	_	_	10862	_	_	start_char=61473|end_char=61475
10864	those	_	_	_	_	10863	_	_	start_char=61476|end_char=61481
10865	books	_	_	_	_	10864	_	_	start_char=61482|end_char=61487
10866	is	_	_	_	_	10865	_	_	start_char=61488|end_char=61490
10867	utterly	_	_	_	_	10866	_	_	start_char=61491|end_char=61498
10868	and	_	_	_	_	10867	_	_	start_char=61499|end_char=61502
10869	entirely	_	_	_	_	10868	_	_	start_char=61503|end_char=61511
10870	lost.	_	_	_	_	10869	_	_	start_char=61512|end_char=61517
10871	You	_	_	_	_	10870	_	_	start_char=61518|end_char=61521
10872	have	_	_	_	_	10871	_	_	start_char=61522|end_char=61526
10873	burdened	_	_	_	_	10872	_	_	start_char=61527|end_char=61535
10874	your	_	_	_	_	10873	_	_	start_char=61536|end_char=61540
10875	memory	_	_	_	_	10874	_	_	start_char=61541|end_char=61547
10876	with	_	_	_	_	10875	_	_	start_char=61548|end_char=61552
10877	exploded	_	_	_	_	10876	_	_	start_char=61553|end_char=61561
10878	systems	_	_	_	_	10877	_	_	start_char=61562|end_char=61569
10879	and	_	_	_	_	10878	_	_	start_char=61570|end_char=61573
10880	useless	_	_	_	_	10879	_	_	start_char=61574|end_char=61581
10881	names.	_	_	_	_	10880	_	_	start_char=61582|end_char=61588
10882	Good	_	_	_	_	10881	_	_	start_char=61589|end_char=61593
10883	God!	_	_	_	_	10882	_	_	start_char=61594|end_char=61598
10884	In	_	_	_	_	10883	_	_	start_char=61599|end_char=61601
10885	what	_	_	_	_	10884	_	_	start_char=61602|end_char=61606
10886	desert	_	_	_	_	10885	_	_	start_char=61607|end_char=61613
10887	land	_	_	_	_	10886	_	_	start_char=61614|end_char=61618
10888	have	_	_	_	_	10887	_	_	start_char=61619|end_char=61623
10889	you	_	_	_	_	10888	_	_	start_char=61624|end_char=61627
10890	lived,	_	_	_	_	10889	_	_	start_char=61628|end_char=61634
10891	where	_	_	_	_	10890	_	_	start_char=61635|end_char=61640
10892	no	_	_	_	_	10891	_	_	start_char=61641|end_char=61643
10893	one	_	_	_	_	10892	_	_	start_char=61644|end_char=61647
10894	was	_	_	_	_	10893	_	_	start_char=61648|end_char=61651
10895	kind	_	_	_	_	10894	_	_	start_char=61652|end_char=61656
10896	enough	_	_	_	_	10895	_	_	start_char=61657|end_char=61663
10897	to	_	_	_	_	10896	_	_	start_char=61664|end_char=61666
10898	inform	_	_	_	_	10897	_	_	start_char=61667|end_char=61673
10899	you	_	_	_	_	10898	_	_	start_char=61674|end_char=61677
10900	that	_	_	_	_	10899	_	_	start_char=61678|end_char=61682
10901	these	_	_	_	_	10900	_	_	start_char=61683|end_char=61688
10902	fancies	_	_	_	_	10901	_	_	start_char=61689|end_char=61696
10903	which	_	_	_	_	10902	_	_	start_char=61697|end_char=61702
10904	you	_	_	_	_	10903	_	_	start_char=61703|end_char=61706
10905	have	_	_	_	_	10904	_	_	start_char=61707|end_char=61711
10906	so	_	_	_	_	10905	_	_	start_char=61712|end_char=61714
10907	greedily	_	_	_	_	10906	_	_	start_char=61715|end_char=61723
10908	imbibed	_	_	_	_	10907	_	_	start_char=61724|end_char=61731
10909	are	_	_	_	_	10908	_	_	start_char=61732|end_char=61735
10910	a	_	_	_	_	10909	_	_	start_char=61736|end_char=61737
10911	thousand	_	_	_	_	10910	_	_	start_char=61738|end_char=61746
10912	years	_	_	_	_	10911	_	_	start_char=61747|end_char=61752
10913	old	_	_	_	_	10912	_	_	start_char=61753|end_char=61756
10914	and	_	_	_	_	10913	_	_	start_char=61757|end_char=61760
10915	as	_	_	_	_	10914	_	_	start_char=61761|end_char=61763
10916	musty	_	_	_	_	10915	_	_	start_char=61764|end_char=61769
10917	as	_	_	_	_	10916	_	_	start_char=61770|end_char=61772
10918	they	_	_	_	_	10917	_	_	start_char=61773|end_char=61777
10919	are	_	_	_	_	10918	_	_	start_char=61778|end_char=61781
10920	ancient?	_	_	_	_	10919	_	_	start_char=61782|end_char=61790
10921	I	_	_	_	_	10920	_	_	start_char=61791|end_char=61792
10922	little	_	_	_	_	10921	_	_	start_char=61793|end_char=61799
10923	expected,	_	_	_	_	10922	_	_	start_char=61800|end_char=61809
10924	in	_	_	_	_	10923	_	_	start_char=61810|end_char=61812
10925	this	_	_	_	_	10924	_	_	start_char=61813|end_char=61817
10926	enlightened	_	_	_	_	10925	_	_	start_char=61818|end_char=61829
10927	and	_	_	_	_	10926	_	_	start_char=61830|end_char=61833
10928	scientific	_	_	_	_	10927	_	_	start_char=61834|end_char=61844
10929	age,	_	_	_	_	10928	_	_	start_char=61845|end_char=61849
10930	to	_	_	_	_	10929	_	_	start_char=61850|end_char=61852
10931	find	_	_	_	_	10930	_	_	start_char=61853|end_char=61857
10932	a	_	_	_	_	10931	_	_	start_char=61858|end_char=61859
10933	disciple	_	_	_	_	10932	_	_	start_char=61860|end_char=61868
10934	of	_	_	_	_	10933	_	_	start_char=61869|end_char=61871
10935	Albertus	_	_	_	_	10934	_	_	start_char=61872|end_char=61880
10936	Magnus	_	_	_	_	10935	_	_	start_char=61881|end_char=61887
10937	and	_	_	_	_	10936	_	_	start_char=61888|end_char=61891
10938	Paracelsus.	_	_	_	_	10937	_	_	start_char=61892|end_char=61903
10939	My	_	_	_	_	10938	_	_	start_char=61904|end_char=61906
10940	dear	_	_	_	_	10939	_	_	start_char=61907|end_char=61911
10941	sir,	_	_	_	_	10940	_	_	start_char=61912|end_char=61916
10942	you	_	_	_	_	10941	_	_	start_char=61917|end_char=61920
10943	must	_	_	_	_	10942	_	_	start_char=61921|end_char=61925
10944	begin	_	_	_	_	10943	_	_	start_char=61926|end_char=61931
10945	your	_	_	_	_	10944	_	_	start_char=61932|end_char=61936
10946	studies	_	_	_	_	10945	_	_	start_char=61937|end_char=61944
10947	entirely	_	_	_	_	10946	_	_	start_char=61945|end_char=61953
10948	anew.”	_	_	_	_	10947	_	_	start_char=61954|end_char=61960
10949	So	_	_	_	_	10948	_	_	start_char=61961|end_char=61963
10950	saying,	_	_	_	_	10949	_	_	start_char=61964|end_char=61971
10951	he	_	_	_	_	10950	_	_	start_char=61972|end_char=61974
10952	stepped	_	_	_	_	10951	_	_	start_char=61975|end_char=61982
10953	aside	_	_	_	_	10952	_	_	start_char=61983|end_char=61988
10954	and	_	_	_	_	10953	_	_	start_char=61989|end_char=61992
10955	wrote	_	_	_	_	10954	_	_	start_char=61993|end_char=61998
10956	down	_	_	_	_	10955	_	_	start_char=61999|end_char=62003
10957	a	_	_	_	_	10956	_	_	start_char=62004|end_char=62005
10958	list	_	_	_	_	10957	_	_	start_char=62006|end_char=62010
10959	of	_	_	_	_	10958	_	_	start_char=62011|end_char=62013
10960	several	_	_	_	_	10959	_	_	start_char=62014|end_char=62021
10961	books	_	_	_	_	10960	_	_	start_char=62022|end_char=62027
10962	treating	_	_	_	_	10961	_	_	start_char=62028|end_char=62036
10963	of	_	_	_	_	10962	_	_	start_char=62037|end_char=62039
10964	natural	_	_	_	_	10963	_	_	start_char=62040|end_char=62047
10965	philosophy	_	_	_	_	10964	_	_	start_char=62048|end_char=62058
10966	which	_	_	_	_	10965	_	_	start_char=62059|end_char=62064
10967	he	_	_	_	_	10966	_	_	start_char=62065|end_char=62067
10968	desired	_	_	_	_	10967	_	_	start_char=62068|end_char=62075
10969	me	_	_	_	_	10968	_	_	start_char=62076|end_char=62078
10970	to	_	_	_	_	10969	_	_	start_char=62079|end_char=62081
10971	procure,	_	_	_	_	10970	_	_	start_char=62082|end_char=62090
10972	and	_	_	_	_	10971	_	_	start_char=62091|end_char=62094
10973	dismissed	_	_	_	_	10972	_	_	start_char=62095|end_char=62104
10974	me	_	_	_	_	10973	_	_	start_char=62105|end_char=62107
10975	after	_	_	_	_	10974	_	_	start_char=62108|end_char=62113
10976	mentioning	_	_	_	_	10975	_	_	start_char=62114|end_char=62124
10977	that	_	_	_	_	10976	_	_	start_char=62125|end_char=62129
10978	in	_	_	_	_	10977	_	_	start_char=62130|end_char=62132
10979	the	_	_	_	_	10978	_	_	start_char=62133|end_char=62136
10980	beginning	_	_	_	_	10979	_	_	start_char=62137|end_char=62146
10981	of	_	_	_	_	10980	_	_	start_char=62147|end_char=62149
10982	the	_	_	_	_	10981	_	_	start_char=62150|end_char=62153
10983	following	_	_	_	_	10982	_	_	start_char=62154|end_char=62163
10984	week	_	_	_	_	10983	_	_	start_char=62164|end_char=62168
10985	he	_	_	_	_	10984	_	_	start_char=62169|end_char=62171
10986	intended	_	_	_	_	10985	_	_	start_char=62172|end_char=62180
10987	to	_	_	_	_	10986	_	_	start_char=62181|end_char=62183
10988	commence	_	_	_	_	10987	_	_	start_char=62184|end_char=62192
10989	a	_	_	_	_	10988	_	_	start_char=62193|end_char=62194
10990	course	_	_	_	_	10989	_	_	start_char=62195|end_char=62201
10991	of	_	_	_	_	10990	_	_	start_char=62202|end_char=62204
10992	lectures	_	_	_	_	10991	_	_	start_char=62205|end_char=62213
10993	upon	_	_	_	_	10992	_	_	start_char=62214|end_char=62218
10994	natural	_	_	_	_	10993	_	_	start_char=62219|end_char=62226
10995	philosophy	_	_	_	_	10994	_	_	start_char=62227|end_char=62237
10996	in	_	_	_	_	10995	_	_	start_char=62238|end_char=62240
10997	its	_	_	_	_	10996	_	_	start_char=62241|end_char=62244
10998	general	_	_	_	_	10997	_	_	start_char=62245|end_char=62252
10999	relations,	_	_	_	_	10998	_	_	start_char=62253|end_char=62263
11000	and	_	_	_	_	10999	_	_	start_char=62264|end_char=62267
11001	that	_	_	_	_	11000	_	_	start_char=62268|end_char=62272
11002	M.	_	_	_	_	11001	_	_	start_char=62273|end_char=62275
11003	Waldman,	_	_	_	_	11002	_	_	start_char=62276|end_char=62284
11004	a	_	_	_	_	11003	_	_	start_char=62285|end_char=62286
11005	fellow	_	_	_	_	11004	_	_	start_char=62287|end_char=62293
11006	professor,	_	_	_	_	11005	_	_	start_char=62294|end_char=62304
11007	would	_	_	_	_	11006	_	_	start_char=62305|end_char=62310
11008	lecture	_	_	_	_	11007	_	_	start_char=62311|end_char=62318
11009	upon	_	_	_	_	11008	_	_	start_char=62319|end_char=62323
11010	chemistry	_	_	_	_	11009	_	_	start_char=62324|end_char=62333
11011	the	_	_	_	_	11010	_	_	start_char=62334|end_char=62337
11012	alternate	_	_	_	_	11011	_	_	start_char=62338|end_char=62347
11013	days	_	_	_	_	11012	_	_	start_char=62348|end_char=62352
11014	that	_	_	_	_	11013	_	_	start_char=62353|end_char=62357
11015	he	_	_	_	_	11014	_	_	start_char=62358|end_char=62360
11016	omitted.	_	_	_	_	11015	_	_	start_char=62361|end_char=62369
11017	I	_	_	_	_	11016	_	_	start_char=62370|end_char=62371
11018	returned	_	_	_	_	11017	_	_	start_char=62372|end_char=62380
11019	home	_	_	_	_	11018	_	_	start_char=62381|end_char=62385
11020	not	_	_	_	_	11019	_	_	start_char=62386|end_char=62389
11021	disappointed,	_	_	_	_	11020	_	_	start_char=62390|end_char=62403
11022	for	_	_	_	_	11021	_	_	start_char=62404|end_char=62407
11023	I	_	_	_	_	11022	_	_	start_char=62408|end_char=62409
11024	have	_	_	_	_	11023	_	_	start_char=62410|end_char=62414
11025	said	_	_	_	_	11024	_	_	start_char=62415|end_char=62419
11026	that	_	_	_	_	11025	_	_	start_char=62420|end_char=62424
11027	I	_	_	_	_	11026	_	_	start_char=62425|end_char=62426
11028	had	_	_	_	_	11027	_	_	start_char=62427|end_char=62430
11029	long	_	_	_	_	11028	_	_	start_char=62431|end_char=62435
11030	considered	_	_	_	_	11029	_	_	start_char=62436|end_char=62446
11031	those	_	_	_	_	11030	_	_	start_char=62447|end_char=62452
11032	authors	_	_	_	_	11031	_	_	start_char=62453|end_char=62460
11033	useless	_	_	_	_	11032	_	_	start_char=62461|end_char=62468
11034	whom	_	_	_	_	11033	_	_	start_char=62469|end_char=62473
11035	the	_	_	_	_	11034	_	_	start_char=62474|end_char=62477
11036	professor	_	_	_	_	11035	_	_	start_char=62478|end_char=62487
11037	reprobated;	_	_	_	_	11036	_	_	start_char=62488|end_char=62499
11038	but	_	_	_	_	11037	_	_	start_char=62500|end_char=62503
11039	I	_	_	_	_	11038	_	_	start_char=62504|end_char=62505
11040	returned	_	_	_	_	11039	_	_	start_char=62506|end_char=62514
11041	not	_	_	_	_	11040	_	_	start_char=62515|end_char=62518
11042	at	_	_	_	_	11041	_	_	start_char=62519|end_char=62521
11043	all	_	_	_	_	11042	_	_	start_char=62522|end_char=62525
11044	the	_	_	_	_	11043	_	_	start_char=62526|end_char=62529
11045	more	_	_	_	_	11044	_	_	start_char=62530|end_char=62534
11046	inclined	_	_	_	_	11045	_	_	start_char=62535|end_char=62543
11047	to	_	_	_	_	11046	_	_	start_char=62544|end_char=62546
11048	recur	_	_	_	_	11047	_	_	start_char=62547|end_char=62552
11049	to	_	_	_	_	11048	_	_	start_char=62553|end_char=62555
11050	these	_	_	_	_	11049	_	_	start_char=62556|end_char=62561
11051	studies	_	_	_	_	11050	_	_	start_char=62562|end_char=62569
11052	in	_	_	_	_	11051	_	_	start_char=62570|end_char=62572
11053	any	_	_	_	_	11052	_	_	start_char=62573|end_char=62576
11054	shape.	_	_	_	_	11053	_	_	start_char=62577|end_char=62583
11055	M.	_	_	_	_	11054	_	_	start_char=62584|end_char=62586
11056	Krempe	_	_	_	_	11055	_	_	start_char=62587|end_char=62593
11057	was	_	_	_	_	11056	_	_	start_char=62594|end_char=62597
11058	a	_	_	_	_	11057	_	_	start_char=62598|end_char=62599
11059	little	_	_	_	_	11058	_	_	start_char=62600|end_char=62606
11060	squat	_	_	_	_	11059	_	_	start_char=62607|end_char=62612
11061	man	_	_	_	_	11060	_	_	start_char=62613|end_char=62616
11062	with	_	_	_	_	11061	_	_	start_char=62617|end_char=62621
11063	a	_	_	_	_	11062	_	_	start_char=62622|end_char=62623
11064	gruff	_	_	_	_	11063	_	_	start_char=62624|end_char=62629
11065	voice	_	_	_	_	11064	_	_	start_char=62630|end_char=62635
11066	and	_	_	_	_	11065	_	_	start_char=62636|end_char=62639
11067	a	_	_	_	_	11066	_	_	start_char=62640|end_char=62641
11068	repulsive	_	_	_	_	11067	_	_	start_char=62642|end_char=62651
11069	countenance;	_	_	_	_	11068	_	_	start_char=62652|end_char=62664
11070	the	_	_	_	_	11069	_	_	start_char=62665|end_char=62668
11071	teacher,	_	_	_	_	11070	_	_	start_char=62669|end_char=62677
11072	therefore,	_	_	_	_	11071	_	_	start_char=62678|end_char=62688
11073	did	_	_	_	_	11072	_	_	start_char=62689|end_char=62692
11074	not	_	_	_	_	11073	_	_	start_char=62693|end_char=62696
11075	prepossess	_	_	_	_	11074	_	_	start_char=62697|end_char=62707
11076	me	_	_	_	_	11075	_	_	start_char=62708|end_char=62710
11077	in	_	_	_	_	11076	_	_	start_char=62711|end_char=62713
11078	favour	_	_	_	_	11077	_	_	start_char=62714|end_char=62720
11079	of	_	_	_	_	11078	_	_	start_char=62721|end_char=62723
11080	his	_	_	_	_	11079	_	_	start_char=62724|end_char=62727
11081	pursuits.	_	_	_	_	11080	_	_	start_char=62728|end_char=62737
11082	In	_	_	_	_	11081	_	_	start_char=62738|end_char=62740
11083	rather	_	_	_	_	11082	_	_	start_char=62741|end_char=62747
11084	a	_	_	_	_	11083	_	_	start_char=62748|end_char=62749
11085	too	_	_	_	_	11084	_	_	start_char=62750|end_char=62753
11086	philosophical	_	_	_	_	11085	_	_	start_char=62754|end_char=62767
11087	and	_	_	_	_	11086	_	_	start_char=62768|end_char=62771
11088	connected	_	_	_	_	11087	_	_	start_char=62772|end_char=62781
11089	a	_	_	_	_	11088	_	_	start_char=62782|end_char=62783
11090	strain,	_	_	_	_	11089	_	_	start_char=62784|end_char=62791
11091	perhaps,	_	_	_	_	11090	_	_	start_char=62792|end_char=62800
11092	I	_	_	_	_	11091	_	_	start_char=62801|end_char=62802
11093	have	_	_	_	_	11092	_	_	start_char=62803|end_char=62807
11094	given	_	_	_	_	11093	_	_	start_char=62808|end_char=62813
11095	an	_	_	_	_	11094	_	_	start_char=62814|end_char=62816
11096	account	_	_	_	_	11095	_	_	start_char=62817|end_char=62824
11097	of	_	_	_	_	11096	_	_	start_char=62825|end_char=62827
11098	the	_	_	_	_	11097	_	_	start_char=62828|end_char=62831
11099	conclusions	_	_	_	_	11098	_	_	start_char=62832|end_char=62843
11100	I	_	_	_	_	11099	_	_	start_char=62844|end_char=62845
11101	had	_	_	_	_	11100	_	_	start_char=62846|end_char=62849
11102	come	_	_	_	_	11101	_	_	start_char=62850|end_char=62854
11103	to	_	_	_	_	11102	_	_	start_char=62855|end_char=62857
11104	concerning	_	_	_	_	11103	_	_	start_char=62858|end_char=62868
11105	them	_	_	_	_	11104	_	_	start_char=62869|end_char=62873
11106	in	_	_	_	_	11105	_	_	start_char=62874|end_char=62876
11107	my	_	_	_	_	11106	_	_	start_char=62877|end_char=62879
11108	early	_	_	_	_	11107	_	_	start_char=62880|end_char=62885
11109	years.	_	_	_	_	11108	_	_	start_char=62886|end_char=62892
11110	As	_	_	_	_	11109	_	_	start_char=62893|end_char=62895
11111	a	_	_	_	_	11110	_	_	start_char=62896|end_char=62897
11112	child	_	_	_	_	11111	_	_	start_char=62898|end_char=62903
11113	I	_	_	_	_	11112	_	_	start_char=62904|end_char=62905
11114	had	_	_	_	_	11113	_	_	start_char=62906|end_char=62909
11115	not	_	_	_	_	11114	_	_	start_char=62910|end_char=62913
11116	been	_	_	_	_	11115	_	_	start_char=62914|end_char=62918
11117	content	_	_	_	_	11116	_	_	start_char=62919|end_char=62926
11118	with	_	_	_	_	11117	_	_	start_char=62927|end_char=62931
11119	the	_	_	_	_	11118	_	_	start_char=62932|end_char=62935
11120	results	_	_	_	_	11119	_	_	start_char=62936|end_char=62943
11121	promised	_	_	_	_	11120	_	_	start_char=62944|end_char=62952
11122	by	_	_	_	_	11121	_	_	start_char=62953|end_char=62955
11123	the	_	_	_	_	11122	_	_	start_char=62956|end_char=62959
11124	modern	_	_	_	_	11123	_	_	start_char=62960|end_char=62966
11125	professors	_	_	_	_	11124	_	_	start_char=62967|end_char=62977
11126	of	_	_	_	_	11125	_	_	start_char=62978|end_char=62980
11127	natural	_	_	_	_	11126	_	_	start_char=62981|end_char=62988
11128	science.	_	_	_	_	11127	_	_	start_char=62989|end_char=62997
11129	With	_	_	_	_	11128	_	_	start_char=62998|end_char=63002
11130	a	_	_	_	_	11129	_	_	start_char=63003|end_char=63004
11131	confusion	_	_	_	_	11130	_	_	start_char=63005|end_char=63014
11132	of	_	_	_	_	11131	_	_	start_char=63015|end_char=63017
11133	ideas	_	_	_	_	11132	_	_	start_char=63018|end_char=63023
11134	only	_	_	_	_	11133	_	_	start_char=63024|end_char=63028
11135	to	_	_	_	_	11134	_	_	start_char=63029|end_char=63031
11136	be	_	_	_	_	11135	_	_	start_char=63032|end_char=63034
11137	accounted	_	_	_	_	11136	_	_	start_char=63035|end_char=63044
11138	for	_	_	_	_	11137	_	_	start_char=63045|end_char=63048
11139	by	_	_	_	_	11138	_	_	start_char=63049|end_char=63051
11140	my	_	_	_	_	11139	_	_	start_char=63052|end_char=63054
11141	extreme	_	_	_	_	11140	_	_	start_char=63055|end_char=63062
11142	youth	_	_	_	_	11141	_	_	start_char=63063|end_char=63068
11143	and	_	_	_	_	11142	_	_	start_char=63069|end_char=63072
11144	my	_	_	_	_	11143	_	_	start_char=63073|end_char=63075
11145	want	_	_	_	_	11144	_	_	start_char=63076|end_char=63080
11146	of	_	_	_	_	11145	_	_	start_char=63081|end_char=63083
11147	a	_	_	_	_	11146	_	_	start_char=63084|end_char=63085
11148	guide	_	_	_	_	11147	_	_	start_char=63086|end_char=63091
11149	on	_	_	_	_	11148	_	_	start_char=63092|end_char=63094
11150	such	_	_	_	_	11149	_	_	start_char=63095|end_char=63099
11151	matters,	_	_	_	_	11150	_	_	start_char=63100|end_char=63108
11152	I	_	_	_	_	11151	_	_	start_char=63109|end_char=63110
11153	had	_	_	_	_	11152	_	_	start_char=63111|end_char=63114
11154	retrod	_	_	_	_	11153	_	_	start_char=63115|end_char=63121
11155	the	_	_	_	_	11154	_	_	start_char=63122|end_char=63125
11156	steps	_	_	_	_	11155	_	_	start_char=63126|end_char=63131
11157	of	_	_	_	_	11156	_	_	start_char=63132|end_char=63134
11158	knowledge	_	_	_	_	11157	_	_	start_char=63135|end_char=63144
11159	along	_	_	_	_	11158	_	_	start_char=63145|end_char=63150
11160	the	_	_	_	_	11159	_	_	start_char=63151|end_char=63154
11161	paths	_	_	_	_	11160	_	_	start_char=63155|end_char=63160
11162	of	_	_	_	_	11161	_	_	start_char=63161|end_char=63163
11163	time	_	_	_	_	11162	_	_	start_char=63164|end_char=63168
11164	and	_	_	_	_	11163	_	_	start_char=63169|end_char=63172
11165	exchanged	_	_	_	_	11164	_	_	start_char=63173|end_char=63182
11166	the	_	_	_	_	11165	_	_	start_char=63183|end_char=63186
11167	discoveries	_	_	_	_	11166	_	_	start_char=63187|end_char=63198
11168	of	_	_	_	_	11167	_	_	start_char=63199|end_char=63201
11169	recent	_	_	_	_	11168	_	_	start_char=63202|end_char=63208
11170	inquirers	_	_	_	_	11169	_	_	start_char=63209|end_char=63218
11171	for	_	_	_	_	11170	_	_	start_char=63219|end_char=63222
11172	the	_	_	_	_	11171	_	_	start_char=63223|end_char=63226
11173	dreams	_	_	_	_	11172	_	_	start_char=63227|end_char=63233
11174	of	_	_	_	_	11173	_	_	start_char=63234|end_char=63236
11175	forgotten	_	_	_	_	11174	_	_	start_char=63237|end_char=63246
11176	alchemists.	_	_	_	_	11175	_	_	start_char=63247|end_char=63258
11177	Besides,	_	_	_	_	11176	_	_	start_char=63259|end_char=63267
11178	I	_	_	_	_	11177	_	_	start_char=63268|end_char=63269
11179	had	_	_	_	_	11178	_	_	start_char=63270|end_char=63273
11180	a	_	_	_	_	11179	_	_	start_char=63274|end_char=63275
11181	contempt	_	_	_	_	11180	_	_	start_char=63276|end_char=63284
11182	for	_	_	_	_	11181	_	_	start_char=63285|end_char=63288
11183	the	_	_	_	_	11182	_	_	start_char=63289|end_char=63292
11184	uses	_	_	_	_	11183	_	_	start_char=63293|end_char=63297
11185	of	_	_	_	_	11184	_	_	start_char=63298|end_char=63300
11186	modern	_	_	_	_	11185	_	_	start_char=63301|end_char=63307
11187	natural	_	_	_	_	11186	_	_	start_char=63308|end_char=63315
11188	philosophy.	_	_	_	_	11187	_	_	start_char=63316|end_char=63327
11189	It	_	_	_	_	11188	_	_	start_char=63328|end_char=63330
11190	was	_	_	_	_	11189	_	_	start_char=63331|end_char=63334
11191	very	_	_	_	_	11190	_	_	start_char=63335|end_char=63339
11192	different	_	_	_	_	11191	_	_	start_char=63340|end_char=63349
11193	when	_	_	_	_	11192	_	_	start_char=63350|end_char=63354
11194	the	_	_	_	_	11193	_	_	start_char=63355|end_char=63358
11195	masters	_	_	_	_	11194	_	_	start_char=63359|end_char=63366
11196	of	_	_	_	_	11195	_	_	start_char=63367|end_char=63369
11197	the	_	_	_	_	11196	_	_	start_char=63370|end_char=63373
11198	science	_	_	_	_	11197	_	_	start_char=63374|end_char=63381
11199	sought	_	_	_	_	11198	_	_	start_char=63382|end_char=63388
11200	immortality	_	_	_	_	11199	_	_	start_char=63389|end_char=63400
11201	and	_	_	_	_	11200	_	_	start_char=63401|end_char=63404
11202	power;	_	_	_	_	11201	_	_	start_char=63405|end_char=63411
11203	such	_	_	_	_	11202	_	_	start_char=63412|end_char=63416
11204	views,	_	_	_	_	11203	_	_	start_char=63417|end_char=63423
11205	although	_	_	_	_	11204	_	_	start_char=63424|end_char=63432
11206	futile,	_	_	_	_	11205	_	_	start_char=63433|end_char=63440
11207	were	_	_	_	_	11206	_	_	start_char=63441|end_char=63445
11208	grand;	_	_	_	_	11207	_	_	start_char=63446|end_char=63452
11209	but	_	_	_	_	11208	_	_	start_char=63453|end_char=63456
11210	now	_	_	_	_	11209	_	_	start_char=63457|end_char=63460
11211	the	_	_	_	_	11210	_	_	start_char=63461|end_char=63464
11212	scene	_	_	_	_	11211	_	_	start_char=63465|end_char=63470
11213	was	_	_	_	_	11212	_	_	start_char=63471|end_char=63474
11214	changed.	_	_	_	_	11213	_	_	start_char=63475|end_char=63483
11215	The	_	_	_	_	11214	_	_	start_char=63484|end_char=63487
11216	ambition	_	_	_	_	11215	_	_	start_char=63488|end_char=63496
11217	of	_	_	_	_	11216	_	_	start_char=63497|end_char=63499
11218	the	_	_	_	_	11217	_	_	start_char=63500|end_char=63503
11219	inquirer	_	_	_	_	11218	_	_	start_char=63504|end_char=63512
11220	seemed	_	_	_	_	11219	_	_	start_char=63513|end_char=63519
11221	to	_	_	_	_	11220	_	_	start_char=63520|end_char=63522
11222	limit	_	_	_	_	11221	_	_	start_char=63523|end_char=63528
11223	itself	_	_	_	_	11222	_	_	start_char=63529|end_char=63535
11224	to	_	_	_	_	11223	_	_	start_char=63536|end_char=63538
11225	the	_	_	_	_	11224	_	_	start_char=63539|end_char=63542
11226	annihilation	_	_	_	_	11225	_	_	start_char=63543|end_char=63555
11227	of	_	_	_	_	11226	_	_	start_char=63556|end_char=63558
11228	those	_	_	_	_	11227	_	_	start_char=63559|end_char=63564
11229	visions	_	_	_	_	11228	_	_	start_char=63565|end_char=63572
11230	on	_	_	_	_	11229	_	_	start_char=63573|end_char=63575
11231	which	_	_	_	_	11230	_	_	start_char=63576|end_char=63581
11232	my	_	_	_	_	11231	_	_	start_char=63582|end_char=63584
11233	interest	_	_	_	_	11232	_	_	start_char=63585|end_char=63593
11234	in	_	_	_	_	11233	_	_	start_char=63594|end_char=63596
11235	science	_	_	_	_	11234	_	_	start_char=63597|end_char=63604
11236	was	_	_	_	_	11235	_	_	start_char=63605|end_char=63608
11237	chiefly	_	_	_	_	11236	_	_	start_char=63609|end_char=63616
11238	founded.	_	_	_	_	11237	_	_	start_char=63617|end_char=63625
11239	I	_	_	_	_	11238	_	_	start_char=63626|end_char=63627
11240	was	_	_	_	_	11239	_	_	start_char=63628|end_char=63631
11241	required	_	_	_	_	11240	_	_	start_char=63632|end_char=63640
11242	to	_	_	_	_	11241	_	_	start_char=63641|end_char=63643
11243	exchange	_	_	_	_	11242	_	_	start_char=63644|end_char=63652
11244	chimeras	_	_	_	_	11243	_	_	start_char=63653|end_char=63661
11245	of	_	_	_	_	11244	_	_	start_char=63662|end_char=63664
11246	boundless	_	_	_	_	11245	_	_	start_char=63665|end_char=63674
11247	grandeur	_	_	_	_	11246	_	_	start_char=63675|end_char=63683
11248	for	_	_	_	_	11247	_	_	start_char=63684|end_char=63687
11249	realities	_	_	_	_	11248	_	_	start_char=63688|end_char=63697
11250	of	_	_	_	_	11249	_	_	start_char=63698|end_char=63700
11251	little	_	_	_	_	11250	_	_	start_char=63701|end_char=63707
11252	worth.	_	_	_	_	11251	_	_	start_char=63708|end_char=63714
11253	Such	_	_	_	_	11252	_	_	start_char=63715|end_char=63719
11254	were	_	_	_	_	11253	_	_	start_char=63720|end_char=63724
11255	my	_	_	_	_	11254	_	_	start_char=63725|end_char=63727
11256	reflections	_	_	_	_	11255	_	_	start_char=63728|end_char=63739
11257	during	_	_	_	_	11256	_	_	start_char=63740|end_char=63746
11258	the	_	_	_	_	11257	_	_	start_char=63747|end_char=63750
11259	first	_	_	_	_	11258	_	_	start_char=63751|end_char=63756
11260	two	_	_	_	_	11259	_	_	start_char=63757|end_char=63760
11261	or	_	_	_	_	11260	_	_	start_char=63761|end_char=63763
11262	three	_	_	_	_	11261	_	_	start_char=63764|end_char=63769
11263	days	_	_	_	_	11262	_	_	start_char=63770|end_char=63774
11264	of	_	_	_	_	11263	_	_	start_char=63775|end_char=63777
11265	my	_	_	_	_	11264	_	_	start_char=63778|end_char=63780
11266	residence	_	_	_	_	11265	_	_	start_char=63781|end_char=63790
11267	at	_	_	_	_	11266	_	_	start_char=63791|end_char=63793
11268	Ingolstadt,	_	_	_	_	11267	_	_	start_char=63794|end_char=63805
11269	which	_	_	_	_	11268	_	_	start_char=63806|end_char=63811
11270	were	_	_	_	_	11269	_	_	start_char=63812|end_char=63816
11271	chiefly	_	_	_	_	11270	_	_	start_char=63817|end_char=63824
11272	spent	_	_	_	_	11271	_	_	start_char=63825|end_char=63830
11273	in	_	_	_	_	11272	_	_	start_char=63831|end_char=63833
11274	becoming	_	_	_	_	11273	_	_	start_char=63834|end_char=63842
11275	acquainted	_	_	_	_	11274	_	_	start_char=63843|end_char=63853
11276	with	_	_	_	_	11275	_	_	start_char=63854|end_char=63858
11277	the	_	_	_	_	11276	_	_	start_char=63859|end_char=63862
11278	localities	_	_	_	_	11277	_	_	start_char=63863|end_char=63873
11279	and	_	_	_	_	11278	_	_	start_char=63874|end_char=63877
11280	the	_	_	_	_	11279	_	_	start_char=63878|end_char=63881
11281	principal	_	_	_	_	11280	_	_	start_char=63882|end_char=63891
11282	residents	_	_	_	_	11281	_	_	start_char=63892|end_char=63901
11283	in	_	_	_	_	11282	_	_	start_char=63902|end_char=63904
11284	my	_	_	_	_	11283	_	_	start_char=63905|end_char=63907
11285	new	_	_	_	_	11284	_	_	start_char=63908|end_char=63911
11286	abode.	_	_	_	_	11285	_	_	start_char=63912|end_char=63918
11287	But	_	_	_	_	11286	_	_	start_char=63919|end_char=63922
11288	as	_	_	_	_	11287	_	_	start_char=63923|end_char=63925
11289	the	_	_	_	_	11288	_	_	start_char=63926|end_char=63929
11290	ensuing	_	_	_	_	11289	_	_	start_char=63930|end_char=63937
11291	week	_	_	_	_	11290	_	_	start_char=63938|end_char=63942
11292	commenced,	_	_	_	_	11291	_	_	start_char=63943|end_char=63953
11293	I	_	_	_	_	11292	_	_	start_char=63954|end_char=63955
11294	thought	_	_	_	_	11293	_	_	start_char=63956|end_char=63963
11295	of	_	_	_	_	11294	_	_	start_char=63964|end_char=63966
11296	the	_	_	_	_	11295	_	_	start_char=63967|end_char=63970
11297	information	_	_	_	_	11296	_	_	start_char=63971|end_char=63982
11298	which	_	_	_	_	11297	_	_	start_char=63983|end_char=63988
11299	M.	_	_	_	_	11298	_	_	start_char=63989|end_char=63991
11300	Krempe	_	_	_	_	11299	_	_	start_char=63992|end_char=63998
11301	had	_	_	_	_	11300	_	_	start_char=63999|end_char=64002
11302	given	_	_	_	_	11301	_	_	start_char=64003|end_char=64008
11303	me	_	_	_	_	11302	_	_	start_char=64009|end_char=64011
11304	concerning	_	_	_	_	11303	_	_	start_char=64012|end_char=64022
11305	the	_	_	_	_	11304	_	_	start_char=64023|end_char=64026
11306	lectures.	_	_	_	_	11305	_	_	start_char=64027|end_char=64036
11307	And	_	_	_	_	11306	_	_	start_char=64037|end_char=64040
11308	although	_	_	_	_	11307	_	_	start_char=64041|end_char=64049
11309	I	_	_	_	_	11308	_	_	start_char=64050|end_char=64051
11310	could	_	_	_	_	11309	_	_	start_char=64052|end_char=64057
11311	not	_	_	_	_	11310	_	_	start_char=64058|end_char=64061
11312	consent	_	_	_	_	11311	_	_	start_char=64062|end_char=64069
11313	to	_	_	_	_	11312	_	_	start_char=64070|end_char=64072
11314	go	_	_	_	_	11313	_	_	start_char=64073|end_char=64075
11315	and	_	_	_	_	11314	_	_	start_char=64076|end_char=64079
11316	hear	_	_	_	_	11315	_	_	start_char=64080|end_char=64084
11317	that	_	_	_	_	11316	_	_	start_char=64085|end_char=64089
11318	little	_	_	_	_	11317	_	_	start_char=64090|end_char=64096
11319	conceited	_	_	_	_	11318	_	_	start_char=64097|end_char=64106
11320	fellow	_	_	_	_	11319	_	_	start_char=64107|end_char=64113
11321	deliver	_	_	_	_	11320	_	_	start_char=64114|end_char=64121
11322	sentences	_	_	_	_	11321	_	_	start_char=64122|end_char=64131
11323	out	_	_	_	_	11322	_	_	start_char=64132|end_char=64135
11324	of	_	_	_	_	11323	_	_	start_char=64136|end_char=64138
11325	a	_	_	_	_	11324	_	_	start_char=64139|end_char=64140
11326	pulpit,	_	_	_	_	11325	_	_	start_char=64141|end_char=64148
11327	I	_	_	_	_	11326	_	_	start_char=64149|end_char=64150
11328	recollected	_	_	_	_	11327	_	_	start_char=64151|end_char=64162
11329	what	_	_	_	_	11328	_	_	start_char=64163|end_char=64167
11330	he	_	_	_	_	11329	_	_	start_char=64168|end_char=64170
11331	had	_	_	_	_	11330	_	_	start_char=64171|end_char=64174
11332	said	_	_	_	_	11331	_	_	start_char=64175|end_char=64179
11333	of	_	_	_	_	11332	_	_	start_char=64180|end_char=64182
11334	M.	_	_	_	_	11333	_	_	start_char=64183|end_char=64185
11335	Waldman,	_	_	_	_	11334	_	_	start_char=64186|end_char=64194
11336	whom	_	_	_	_	11335	_	_	start_char=64195|end_char=64199
11337	I	_	_	_	_	11336	_	_	start_char=64200|end_char=64201
11338	had	_	_	_	_	11337	_	_	start_char=64202|end_char=64205
11339	never	_	_	_	_	11338	_	_	start_char=64206|end_char=64211
11340	seen,	_	_	_	_	11339	_	_	start_char=64212|end_char=64217
11341	as	_	_	_	_	11340	_	_	start_char=64218|end_char=64220
11342	he	_	_	_	_	11341	_	_	start_char=64221|end_char=64223
11343	had	_	_	_	_	11342	_	_	start_char=64224|end_char=64227
11344	hitherto	_	_	_	_	11343	_	_	start_char=64228|end_char=64236
11345	been	_	_	_	_	11344	_	_	start_char=64237|end_char=64241
11346	out	_	_	_	_	11345	_	_	start_char=64242|end_char=64245
11347	of	_	_	_	_	11346	_	_	start_char=64246|end_char=64248
11348	town.	_	_	_	_	11347	_	_	start_char=64249|end_char=64254
11349	Partly	_	_	_	_	11348	_	_	start_char=64255|end_char=64261
11350	from	_	_	_	_	11349	_	_	start_char=64262|end_char=64266
11351	curiosity	_	_	_	_	11350	_	_	start_char=64267|end_char=64276
11352	and	_	_	_	_	11351	_	_	start_char=64277|end_char=64280
11353	partly	_	_	_	_	11352	_	_	start_char=64281|end_char=64287
11354	from	_	_	_	_	11353	_	_	start_char=64288|end_char=64292
11355	idleness,	_	_	_	_	11354	_	_	start_char=64293|end_char=64302
11356	I	_	_	_	_	11355	_	_	start_char=64303|end_char=64304
11357	went	_	_	_	_	11356	_	_	start_char=64305|end_char=64309
11358	into	_	_	_	_	11357	_	_	start_char=64310|end_char=64314
11359	the	_	_	_	_	11358	_	_	start_char=64315|end_char=64318
11360	lecturing	_	_	_	_	11359	_	_	start_char=64319|end_char=64328
11361	room,	_	_	_	_	11360	_	_	start_char=64329|end_char=64334
11362	which	_	_	_	_	11361	_	_	start_char=64335|end_char=64340
11363	M.	_	_	_	_	11362	_	_	start_char=64341|end_char=64343
11364	Waldman	_	_	_	_	11363	_	_	start_char=64344|end_char=64351
11365	entered	_	_	_	_	11364	_	_	start_char=64352|end_char=64359
11366	shortly	_	_	_	_	11365	_	_	start_char=64360|end_char=64367
11367	after.	_	_	_	_	11366	_	_	start_char=64368|end_char=64374
11368	This	_	_	_	_	11367	_	_	start_char=64375|end_char=64379
11369	professor	_	_	_	_	11368	_	_	start_char=64380|end_char=64389
11370	was	_	_	_	_	11369	_	_	start_char=64390|end_char=64393
11371	very	_	_	_	_	11370	_	_	start_char=64394|end_char=64398
11372	unlike	_	_	_	_	11371	_	_	start_char=64399|end_char=64405
11373	his	_	_	_	_	11372	_	_	start_char=64406|end_char=64409
11374	colleague.	_	_	_	_	11373	_	_	start_char=64410|end_char=64420
11375	He	_	_	_	_	11374	_	_	start_char=64421|end_char=64423
11376	appeared	_	_	_	_	11375	_	_	start_char=64424|end_char=64432
11377	about	_	_	_	_	11376	_	_	start_char=64433|end_char=64438
11378	fifty	_	_	_	_	11377	_	_	start_char=64439|end_char=64444
11379	years	_	_	_	_	11378	_	_	start_char=64445|end_char=64450
11380	of	_	_	_	_	11379	_	_	start_char=64451|end_char=64453
11381	age,	_	_	_	_	11380	_	_	start_char=64454|end_char=64458
11382	but	_	_	_	_	11381	_	_	start_char=64459|end_char=64462
11383	with	_	_	_	_	11382	_	_	start_char=64463|end_char=64467
11384	an	_	_	_	_	11383	_	_	start_char=64468|end_char=64470
11385	aspect	_	_	_	_	11384	_	_	start_char=64471|end_char=64477
11386	expressive	_	_	_	_	11385	_	_	start_char=64478|end_char=64488
11387	of	_	_	_	_	11386	_	_	start_char=64489|end_char=64491
11388	the	_	_	_	_	11387	_	_	start_char=64492|end_char=64495
11389	greatest	_	_	_	_	11388	_	_	start_char=64496|end_char=64504
11390	benevolence;	_	_	_	_	11389	_	_	start_char=64505|end_char=64517
11391	a	_	_	_	_	11390	_	_	start_char=64518|end_char=64519
11392	few	_	_	_	_	11391	_	_	start_char=64520|end_char=64523
11393	grey	_	_	_	_	11392	_	_	start_char=64524|end_char=64528
11394	hairs	_	_	_	_	11393	_	_	start_char=64529|end_char=64534
11395	covered	_	_	_	_	11394	_	_	start_char=64535|end_char=64542
11396	his	_	_	_	_	11395	_	_	start_char=64543|end_char=64546
11397	temples,	_	_	_	_	11396	_	_	start_char=64547|end_char=64555
11398	but	_	_	_	_	11397	_	_	start_char=64556|end_char=64559
11399	those	_	_	_	_	11398	_	_	start_char=64560|end_char=64565
11400	at	_	_	_	_	11399	_	_	start_char=64566|end_char=64568
11401	the	_	_	_	_	11400	_	_	start_char=64569|end_char=64572
11402	back	_	_	_	_	11401	_	_	start_char=64573|end_char=64577
11403	of	_	_	_	_	11402	_	_	start_char=64578|end_char=64580
11404	his	_	_	_	_	11403	_	_	start_char=64581|end_char=64584
11405	head	_	_	_	_	11404	_	_	start_char=64585|end_char=64589
11406	were	_	_	_	_	11405	_	_	start_char=64590|end_char=64594
11407	nearly	_	_	_	_	11406	_	_	start_char=64595|end_char=64601
11408	black.	_	_	_	_	11407	_	_	start_char=64602|end_char=64608
11409	His	_	_	_	_	11408	_	_	start_char=64609|end_char=64612
11410	person	_	_	_	_	11409	_	_	start_char=64613|end_char=64619
11411	was	_	_	_	_	11410	_	_	start_char=64620|end_char=64623
11412	short	_	_	_	_	11411	_	_	start_char=64624|end_char=64629
11413	but	_	_	_	_	11412	_	_	start_char=64630|end_char=64633
11414	remarkably	_	_	_	_	11413	_	_	start_char=64634|end_char=64644
11415	erect	_	_	_	_	11414	_	_	start_char=64645|end_char=64650
11416	and	_	_	_	_	11415	_	_	start_char=64651|end_char=64654
11417	his	_	_	_	_	11416	_	_	start_char=64655|end_char=64658
11418	voice	_	_	_	_	11417	_	_	start_char=64659|end_char=64664
11419	the	_	_	_	_	11418	_	_	start_char=64665|end_char=64668
11420	sweetest	_	_	_	_	11419	_	_	start_char=64669|end_char=64677
11421	I	_	_	_	_	11420	_	_	start_char=64678|end_char=64679
11422	had	_	_	_	_	11421	_	_	start_char=64680|end_char=64683
11423	ever	_	_	_	_	11422	_	_	start_char=64684|end_char=64688
11424	heard.	_	_	_	_	11423	_	_	start_char=64689|end_char=64695
11425	He	_	_	_	_	11424	_	_	start_char=64696|end_char=64698
11426	began	_	_	_	_	11425	_	_	start_char=64699|end_char=64704
11427	his	_	_	_	_	11426	_	_	start_char=64705|end_char=64708
11428	lecture	_	_	_	_	11427	_	_	start_char=64709|end_char=64716
11429	by	_	_	_	_	11428	_	_	start_char=64717|end_char=64719
11430	a	_	_	_	_	11429	_	_	start_char=64720|end_char=64721
11431	recapitulation	_	_	_	_	11430	_	_	start_char=64722|end_char=64736
11432	of	_	_	_	_	11431	_	_	start_char=64737|end_char=64739
11433	the	_	_	_	_	11432	_	_	start_char=64740|end_char=64743
11434	history	_	_	_	_	11433	_	_	start_char=64744|end_char=64751
11435	of	_	_	_	_	11434	_	_	start_char=64752|end_char=64754
11436	chemistry	_	_	_	_	11435	_	_	start_char=64755|end_char=64764
11437	and	_	_	_	_	11436	_	_	start_char=64765|end_char=64768
11438	the	_	_	_	_	11437	_	_	start_char=64769|end_char=64772
11439	various	_	_	_	_	11438	_	_	start_char=64773|end_char=64780
11440	improvements	_	_	_	_	11439	_	_	start_char=64781|end_char=64793
11441	made	_	_	_	_	11440	_	_	start_char=64794|end_char=64798
11442	by	_	_	_	_	11441	_	_	start_char=64799|end_char=64801
11443	different	_	_	_	_	11442	_	_	start_char=64802|end_char=64811
11444	men	_	_	_	_	11443	_	_	start_char=64812|end_char=64815
11445	of	_	_	_	_	11444	_	_	start_char=64816|end_char=64818
11446	learning,	_	_	_	_	11445	_	_	start_char=64819|end_char=64828
11447	pronouncing	_	_	_	_	11446	_	_	start_char=64829|end_char=64840
11448	with	_	_	_	_	11447	_	_	start_char=64841|end_char=64845
11449	fervour	_	_	_	_	11448	_	_	start_char=64846|end_char=64853
11450	the	_	_	_	_	11449	_	_	start_char=64854|end_char=64857
11451	names	_	_	_	_	11450	_	_	start_char=64858|end_char=64863
11452	of	_	_	_	_	11451	_	_	start_char=64864|end_char=64866
11453	the	_	_	_	_	11452	_	_	start_char=64867|end_char=64870
11454	most	_	_	_	_	11453	_	_	start_char=64871|end_char=64875
11455	distinguished	_	_	_	_	11454	_	_	start_char=64876|end_char=64889
11456	discoverers.	_	_	_	_	11455	_	_	start_char=64890|end_char=64902
11457	He	_	_	_	_	11456	_	_	start_char=64903|end_char=64905
11458	then	_	_	_	_	11457	_	_	start_char=64906|end_char=64910
11459	took	_	_	_	_	11458	_	_	start_char=64911|end_char=64915
11460	a	_	_	_	_	11459	_	_	start_char=64916|end_char=64917
11461	cursory	_	_	_	_	11460	_	_	start_char=64918|end_char=64925
11462	view	_	_	_	_	11461	_	_	start_char=64926|end_char=64930
11463	of	_	_	_	_	11462	_	_	start_char=64931|end_char=64933
11464	the	_	_	_	_	11463	_	_	start_char=64934|end_char=64937
11465	present	_	_	_	_	11464	_	_	start_char=64938|end_char=64945
11466	state	_	_	_	_	11465	_	_	start_char=64946|end_char=64951
11467	of	_	_	_	_	11466	_	_	start_char=64952|end_char=64954
11468	the	_	_	_	_	11467	_	_	start_char=64955|end_char=64958
11469	science	_	_	_	_	11468	_	_	start_char=64959|end_char=64966
11470	and	_	_	_	_	11469	_	_	start_char=64967|end_char=64970
11471	explained	_	_	_	_	11470	_	_	start_char=64971|end_char=64980
11472	many	_	_	_	_	11471	_	_	start_char=64981|end_char=64985
11473	of	_	_	_	_	11472	_	_	start_char=64986|end_char=64988
11474	its	_	_	_	_	11473	_	_	start_char=64989|end_char=64992
11475	elementary	_	_	_	_	11474	_	_	start_char=64993|end_char=65003
11476	terms.	_	_	_	_	11475	_	_	start_char=65004|end_char=65010
11477	After	_	_	_	_	11476	_	_	start_char=65011|end_char=65016
11478	having	_	_	_	_	11477	_	_	start_char=65017|end_char=65023
11479	made	_	_	_	_	11478	_	_	start_char=65024|end_char=65028
11480	a	_	_	_	_	11479	_	_	start_char=65029|end_char=65030
11481	few	_	_	_	_	11480	_	_	start_char=65031|end_char=65034
11482	preparatory	_	_	_	_	11481	_	_	start_char=65035|end_char=65046
11483	experiments,	_	_	_	_	11482	_	_	start_char=65047|end_char=65059
11484	he	_	_	_	_	11483	_	_	start_char=65060|end_char=65062
11485	concluded	_	_	_	_	11484	_	_	start_char=65063|end_char=65072
11486	with	_	_	_	_	11485	_	_	start_char=65073|end_char=65077
11487	a	_	_	_	_	11486	_	_	start_char=65078|end_char=65079
11488	panegyric	_	_	_	_	11487	_	_	start_char=65080|end_char=65089
11489	upon	_	_	_	_	11488	_	_	start_char=65090|end_char=65094
11490	modern	_	_	_	_	11489	_	_	start_char=65095|end_char=65101
11491	chemistry,	_	_	_	_	11490	_	_	start_char=65102|end_char=65112
11492	the	_	_	_	_	11491	_	_	start_char=65113|end_char=65116
11493	terms	_	_	_	_	11492	_	_	start_char=65117|end_char=65122
11494	of	_	_	_	_	11493	_	_	start_char=65123|end_char=65125
11495	which	_	_	_	_	11494	_	_	start_char=65126|end_char=65131
11496	I	_	_	_	_	11495	_	_	start_char=65132|end_char=65133
11497	shall	_	_	_	_	11496	_	_	start_char=65134|end_char=65139
11498	never	_	_	_	_	11497	_	_	start_char=65140|end_char=65145
11499	forget:	_	_	_	_	11498	_	_	start_char=65146|end_char=65153
11500	“The	_	_	_	_	11499	_	_	start_char=65154|end_char=65158
11501	ancient	_	_	_	_	11500	_	_	start_char=65159|end_char=65166
11502	teachers	_	_	_	_	11501	_	_	start_char=65167|end_char=65175
11503	of	_	_	_	_	11502	_	_	start_char=65176|end_char=65178
11504	this	_	_	_	_	11503	_	_	start_char=65179|end_char=65183
11505	science,”	_	_	_	_	11504	_	_	start_char=65184|end_char=65193
11506	said	_	_	_	_	11505	_	_	start_char=65194|end_char=65198
11507	he,	_	_	_	_	11506	_	_	start_char=65199|end_char=65202
11508	“promised	_	_	_	_	11507	_	_	start_char=65203|end_char=65212
11509	impossibilities	_	_	_	_	11508	_	_	start_char=65213|end_char=65228
11510	and	_	_	_	_	11509	_	_	start_char=65229|end_char=65232
11511	performed	_	_	_	_	11510	_	_	start_char=65233|end_char=65242
11512	nothing.	_	_	_	_	11511	_	_	start_char=65243|end_char=65251
11513	The	_	_	_	_	11512	_	_	start_char=65252|end_char=65255
11514	modern	_	_	_	_	11513	_	_	start_char=65256|end_char=65262
11515	masters	_	_	_	_	11514	_	_	start_char=65263|end_char=65270
11516	promise	_	_	_	_	11515	_	_	start_char=65271|end_char=65278
11517	very	_	_	_	_	11516	_	_	start_char=65279|end_char=65283
11518	little;	_	_	_	_	11517	_	_	start_char=65284|end_char=65291
11519	they	_	_	_	_	11518	_	_	start_char=65292|end_char=65296
11520	know	_	_	_	_	11519	_	_	start_char=65297|end_char=65301
11521	that	_	_	_	_	11520	_	_	start_char=65302|end_char=65306
11522	metals	_	_	_	_	11521	_	_	start_char=65307|end_char=65313
11523	cannot	_	_	_	_	11522	_	_	start_char=65314|end_char=65320
11524	be	_	_	_	_	11523	_	_	start_char=65321|end_char=65323
11525	transmuted	_	_	_	_	11524	_	_	start_char=65324|end_char=65334
11526	and	_	_	_	_	11525	_	_	start_char=65335|end_char=65338
11527	that	_	_	_	_	11526	_	_	start_char=65339|end_char=65343
11528	the	_	_	_	_	11527	_	_	start_char=65344|end_char=65347
11529	elixir	_	_	_	_	11528	_	_	start_char=65348|end_char=65354
11530	of	_	_	_	_	11529	_	_	start_char=65355|end_char=65357
11531	life	_	_	_	_	11530	_	_	start_char=65358|end_char=65362
11532	is	_	_	_	_	11531	_	_	start_char=65363|end_char=65365
11533	a	_	_	_	_	11532	_	_	start_char=65366|end_char=65367
11534	chimera	_	_	_	_	11533	_	_	start_char=65368|end_char=65375
11535	but	_	_	_	_	11534	_	_	start_char=65376|end_char=65379
11536	these	_	_	_	_	11535	_	_	start_char=65380|end_char=65385
11537	philosophers,	_	_	_	_	11536	_	_	start_char=65386|end_char=65399
11538	whose	_	_	_	_	11537	_	_	start_char=65400|end_char=65405
11539	hands	_	_	_	_	11538	_	_	start_char=65406|end_char=65411
11540	seem	_	_	_	_	11539	_	_	start_char=65412|end_char=65416
11541	only	_	_	_	_	11540	_	_	start_char=65417|end_char=65421
11542	made	_	_	_	_	11541	_	_	start_char=65422|end_char=65426
11543	to	_	_	_	_	11542	_	_	start_char=65427|end_char=65429
11544	dabble	_	_	_	_	11543	_	_	start_char=65430|end_char=65436
11545	in	_	_	_	_	11544	_	_	start_char=65437|end_char=65439
11546	dirt,	_	_	_	_	11545	_	_	start_char=65440|end_char=65445
11547	and	_	_	_	_	11546	_	_	start_char=65446|end_char=65449
11548	their	_	_	_	_	11547	_	_	start_char=65450|end_char=65455
11549	eyes	_	_	_	_	11548	_	_	start_char=65456|end_char=65460
11550	to	_	_	_	_	11549	_	_	start_char=65461|end_char=65463
11551	pore	_	_	_	_	11550	_	_	start_char=65464|end_char=65468
11552	over	_	_	_	_	11551	_	_	start_char=65469|end_char=65473
11553	the	_	_	_	_	11552	_	_	start_char=65474|end_char=65477
11554	microscope	_	_	_	_	11553	_	_	start_char=65478|end_char=65488
11555	or	_	_	_	_	11554	_	_	start_char=65489|end_char=65491
11556	crucible,	_	_	_	_	11555	_	_	start_char=65492|end_char=65501
11557	have	_	_	_	_	11556	_	_	start_char=65502|end_char=65506
11558	indeed	_	_	_	_	11557	_	_	start_char=65507|end_char=65513
11559	performed	_	_	_	_	11558	_	_	start_char=65514|end_char=65523
11560	miracles.	_	_	_	_	11559	_	_	start_char=65524|end_char=65533
11561	They	_	_	_	_	11560	_	_	start_char=65534|end_char=65538
11562	penetrate	_	_	_	_	11561	_	_	start_char=65539|end_char=65548
11563	into	_	_	_	_	11562	_	_	start_char=65549|end_char=65553
11564	the	_	_	_	_	11563	_	_	start_char=65554|end_char=65557
11565	recesses	_	_	_	_	11564	_	_	start_char=65558|end_char=65566
11566	of	_	_	_	_	11565	_	_	start_char=65567|end_char=65569
11567	nature	_	_	_	_	11566	_	_	start_char=65570|end_char=65576
11568	and	_	_	_	_	11567	_	_	start_char=65577|end_char=65580
11569	show	_	_	_	_	11568	_	_	start_char=65581|end_char=65585
11570	how	_	_	_	_	11569	_	_	start_char=65586|end_char=65589
11571	she	_	_	_	_	11570	_	_	start_char=65590|end_char=65593
11572	works	_	_	_	_	11571	_	_	start_char=65594|end_char=65599
11573	in	_	_	_	_	11572	_	_	start_char=65600|end_char=65602
11574	her	_	_	_	_	11573	_	_	start_char=65603|end_char=65606
11575	hiding-places.	_	_	_	_	11574	_	_	start_char=65607|end_char=65621
11576	They	_	_	_	_	11575	_	_	start_char=65622|end_char=65626
11577	ascend	_	_	_	_	11576	_	_	start_char=65627|end_char=65633
11578	into	_	_	_	_	11577	_	_	start_char=65634|end_char=65638
11579	the	_	_	_	_	11578	_	_	start_char=65639|end_char=65642
11580	heavens;	_	_	_	_	11579	_	_	start_char=65643|end_char=65651
11581	they	_	_	_	_	11580	_	_	start_char=65652|end_char=65656
11582	have	_	_	_	_	11581	_	_	start_char=65657|end_char=65661
11583	discovered	_	_	_	_	11582	_	_	start_char=65662|end_char=65672
11584	how	_	_	_	_	11583	_	_	start_char=65673|end_char=65676
11585	the	_	_	_	_	11584	_	_	start_char=65677|end_char=65680
11586	blood	_	_	_	_	11585	_	_	start_char=65681|end_char=65686
11587	circulates,	_	_	_	_	11586	_	_	start_char=65687|end_char=65698
11588	and	_	_	_	_	11587	_	_	start_char=65699|end_char=65702
11589	the	_	_	_	_	11588	_	_	start_char=65703|end_char=65706
11590	nature	_	_	_	_	11589	_	_	start_char=65707|end_char=65713
11591	of	_	_	_	_	11590	_	_	start_char=65714|end_char=65716
11592	the	_	_	_	_	11591	_	_	start_char=65717|end_char=65720
11593	air	_	_	_	_	11592	_	_	start_char=65721|end_char=65724
11594	we	_	_	_	_	11593	_	_	start_char=65725|end_char=65727
11595	breathe.	_	_	_	_	11594	_	_	start_char=65728|end_char=65736
11596	They	_	_	_	_	11595	_	_	start_char=65737|end_char=65741
11597	have	_	_	_	_	11596	_	_	start_char=65742|end_char=65746
11598	acquired	_	_	_	_	11597	_	_	start_char=65747|end_char=65755
11599	new	_	_	_	_	11598	_	_	start_char=65756|end_char=65759
11600	and	_	_	_	_	11599	_	_	start_char=65760|end_char=65763
11601	almost	_	_	_	_	11600	_	_	start_char=65764|end_char=65770
11602	unlimited	_	_	_	_	11601	_	_	start_char=65771|end_char=65780
11603	powers;	_	_	_	_	11602	_	_	start_char=65781|end_char=65788
11604	they	_	_	_	_	11603	_	_	start_char=65789|end_char=65793
11605	can	_	_	_	_	11604	_	_	start_char=65794|end_char=65797
11606	command	_	_	_	_	11605	_	_	start_char=65798|end_char=65805
11607	the	_	_	_	_	11606	_	_	start_char=65806|end_char=65809
11608	thunders	_	_	_	_	11607	_	_	start_char=65810|end_char=65818
11609	of	_	_	_	_	11608	_	_	start_char=65819|end_char=65821
11610	heaven,	_	_	_	_	11609	_	_	start_char=65822|end_char=65829
11611	mimic	_	_	_	_	11610	_	_	start_char=65830|end_char=65835
11612	the	_	_	_	_	11611	_	_	start_char=65836|end_char=65839
11613	earthquake,	_	_	_	_	11612	_	_	start_char=65840|end_char=65851
11614	and	_	_	_	_	11613	_	_	start_char=65852|end_char=65855
11615	even	_	_	_	_	11614	_	_	start_char=65856|end_char=65860
11616	mock	_	_	_	_	11615	_	_	start_char=65861|end_char=65865
11617	the	_	_	_	_	11616	_	_	start_char=65866|end_char=65869
11618	invisible	_	_	_	_	11617	_	_	start_char=65870|end_char=65879
11619	world	_	_	_	_	11618	_	_	start_char=65880|end_char=65885
11620	with	_	_	_	_	11619	_	_	start_char=65886|end_char=65890
11621	its	_	_	_	_	11620	_	_	start_char=65891|end_char=65894
11622	own	_	_	_	_	11621	_	_	start_char=65895|end_char=65898
11623	shadows.”	_	_	_	_	11622	_	_	start_char=65899|end_char=65908
11624	Such	_	_	_	_	11623	_	_	start_char=65909|end_char=65913
11625	were	_	_	_	_	11624	_	_	start_char=65914|end_char=65918
11626	the	_	_	_	_	11625	_	_	start_char=65919|end_char=65922
11627	professor’s	_	_	_	_	11626	_	_	start_char=65923|end_char=65934
11628	words—rather	_	_	_	_	11627	_	_	start_char=65935|end_char=65947
11629	let	_	_	_	_	11628	_	_	start_char=65948|end_char=65951
11630	me	_	_	_	_	11629	_	_	start_char=65952|end_char=65954
11631	say	_	_	_	_	11630	_	_	start_char=65955|end_char=65958
11632	such	_	_	_	_	11631	_	_	start_char=65959|end_char=65963
11633	the	_	_	_	_	11632	_	_	start_char=65964|end_char=65967
11634	words	_	_	_	_	11633	_	_	start_char=65968|end_char=65973
11635	of	_	_	_	_	11634	_	_	start_char=65974|end_char=65976
11636	the	_	_	_	_	11635	_	_	start_char=65977|end_char=65980
11637	fate—enounced	_	_	_	_	11636	_	_	start_char=65981|end_char=65994
11638	to	_	_	_	_	11637	_	_	start_char=65995|end_char=65997
11639	destroy	_	_	_	_	11638	_	_	start_char=65998|end_char=66005
11640	me.	_	_	_	_	11639	_	_	start_char=66006|end_char=66009
11641	As	_	_	_	_	11640	_	_	start_char=66010|end_char=66012
11642	he	_	_	_	_	11641	_	_	start_char=66013|end_char=66015
11643	went	_	_	_	_	11642	_	_	start_char=66016|end_char=66020
11644	on	_	_	_	_	11643	_	_	start_char=66021|end_char=66023
11645	I	_	_	_	_	11644	_	_	start_char=66024|end_char=66025
11646	felt	_	_	_	_	11645	_	_	start_char=66026|end_char=66030
11647	as	_	_	_	_	11646	_	_	start_char=66031|end_char=66033
11648	if	_	_	_	_	11647	_	_	start_char=66034|end_char=66036
11649	my	_	_	_	_	11648	_	_	start_char=66037|end_char=66039
11650	soul	_	_	_	_	11649	_	_	start_char=66040|end_char=66044
11651	were	_	_	_	_	11650	_	_	start_char=66045|end_char=66049
11652	grappling	_	_	_	_	11651	_	_	start_char=66050|end_char=66059
11653	with	_	_	_	_	11652	_	_	start_char=66060|end_char=66064
11654	a	_	_	_	_	11653	_	_	start_char=66065|end_char=66066
11655	palpable	_	_	_	_	11654	_	_	start_char=66067|end_char=66075
11656	enemy;	_	_	_	_	11655	_	_	start_char=66076|end_char=66082
11657	one	_	_	_	_	11656	_	_	start_char=66083|end_char=66086
11658	by	_	_	_	_	11657	_	_	start_char=66087|end_char=66089
11659	one	_	_	_	_	11658	_	_	start_char=66090|end_char=66093
11660	the	_	_	_	_	11659	_	_	start_char=66094|end_char=66097
11661	various	_	_	_	_	11660	_	_	start_char=66098|end_char=66105
11662	keys	_	_	_	_	11661	_	_	start_char=66106|end_char=66110
11663	were	_	_	_	_	11662	_	_	start_char=66111|end_char=66115
11664	touched	_	_	_	_	11663	_	_	start_char=66116|end_char=66123
11665	which	_	_	_	_	11664	_	_	start_char=66124|end_char=66129
11666	formed	_	_	_	_	11665	_	_	start_char=66130|end_char=66136
11667	the	_	_	_	_	11666	_	_	start_char=66137|end_char=66140
11668	mechanism	_	_	_	_	11667	_	_	start_char=66141|end_char=66150
11669	of	_	_	_	_	11668	_	_	start_char=66151|end_char=66153
11670	my	_	_	_	_	11669	_	_	start_char=66154|end_char=66156
11671	being;	_	_	_	_	11670	_	_	start_char=66157|end_char=66163
11672	chord	_	_	_	_	11671	_	_	start_char=66164|end_char=66169
11673	after	_	_	_	_	11672	_	_	start_char=66170|end_char=66175
11674	chord	_	_	_	_	11673	_	_	start_char=66176|end_char=66181
11675	was	_	_	_	_	11674	_	_	start_char=66182|end_char=66185
11676	sounded,	_	_	_	_	11675	_	_	start_char=66186|end_char=66194
11677	and	_	_	_	_	11676	_	_	start_char=66195|end_char=66198
11678	soon	_	_	_	_	11677	_	_	start_char=66199|end_char=66203
11679	my	_	_	_	_	11678	_	_	start_char=66204|end_char=66206
11680	mind	_	_	_	_	11679	_	_	start_char=66207|end_char=66211
11681	was	_	_	_	_	11680	_	_	start_char=66212|end_char=66215
11682	filled	_	_	_	_	11681	_	_	start_char=66216|end_char=66222
11683	with	_	_	_	_	11682	_	_	start_char=66223|end_char=66227
11684	one	_	_	_	_	11683	_	_	start_char=66228|end_char=66231
11685	thought,	_	_	_	_	11684	_	_	start_char=66232|end_char=66240
11686	one	_	_	_	_	11685	_	_	start_char=66241|end_char=66244
11687	conception,	_	_	_	_	11686	_	_	start_char=66245|end_char=66256
11688	one	_	_	_	_	11687	_	_	start_char=66257|end_char=66260
11689	purpose.	_	_	_	_	11688	_	_	start_char=66261|end_char=66269
11690	So	_	_	_	_	11689	_	_	start_char=66270|end_char=66272
11691	much	_	_	_	_	11690	_	_	start_char=66273|end_char=66277
11692	has	_	_	_	_	11691	_	_	start_char=66278|end_char=66281
11693	been	_	_	_	_	11692	_	_	start_char=66282|end_char=66286
11694	done,	_	_	_	_	11693	_	_	start_char=66287|end_char=66292
11695	exclaimed	_	_	_	_	11694	_	_	start_char=66293|end_char=66302
11696	the	_	_	_	_	11695	_	_	start_char=66303|end_char=66306
11697	soul	_	_	_	_	11696	_	_	start_char=66307|end_char=66311
11698	of	_	_	_	_	11697	_	_	start_char=66312|end_char=66314
11699	Frankenstein—more,	_	_	_	_	11698	_	_	start_char=66315|end_char=66333
11700	far	_	_	_	_	11699	_	_	start_char=66334|end_char=66337
11701	more,	_	_	_	_	11700	_	_	start_char=66338|end_char=66343
11702	will	_	_	_	_	11701	_	_	start_char=66344|end_char=66348
11703	I	_	_	_	_	11702	_	_	start_char=66349|end_char=66350
11704	achieve;	_	_	_	_	11703	_	_	start_char=66351|end_char=66359
11705	treading	_	_	_	_	11704	_	_	start_char=66360|end_char=66368
11706	in	_	_	_	_	11705	_	_	start_char=66369|end_char=66371
11707	the	_	_	_	_	11706	_	_	start_char=66372|end_char=66375
11708	steps	_	_	_	_	11707	_	_	start_char=66376|end_char=66381
11709	already	_	_	_	_	11708	_	_	start_char=66382|end_char=66389
11710	marked,	_	_	_	_	11709	_	_	start_char=66390|end_char=66397
11711	I	_	_	_	_	11710	_	_	start_char=66398|end_char=66399
11712	will	_	_	_	_	11711	_	_	start_char=66400|end_char=66404
11713	pioneer	_	_	_	_	11712	_	_	start_char=66405|end_char=66412
11714	a	_	_	_	_	11713	_	_	start_char=66413|end_char=66414
11715	new	_	_	_	_	11714	_	_	start_char=66415|end_char=66418
11716	way,	_	_	_	_	11715	_	_	start_char=66419|end_char=66423
11717	explore	_	_	_	_	11716	_	_	start_char=66424|end_char=66431
11718	unknown	_	_	_	_	11717	_	_	start_char=66432|end_char=66439
11719	powers,	_	_	_	_	11718	_	_	start_char=66440|end_char=66447
11720	and	_	_	_	_	11719	_	_	start_char=66448|end_char=66451
11721	unfold	_	_	_	_	11720	_	_	start_char=66452|end_char=66458
11722	to	_	_	_	_	11721	_	_	start_char=66459|end_char=66461
11723	the	_	_	_	_	11722	_	_	start_char=66462|end_char=66465
11724	world	_	_	_	_	11723	_	_	start_char=66466|end_char=66471
11725	the	_	_	_	_	11724	_	_	start_char=66472|end_char=66475
11726	deepest	_	_	_	_	11725	_	_	start_char=66476|end_char=66483
11727	mysteries	_	_	_	_	11726	_	_	start_char=66484|end_char=66493
11728	of	_	_	_	_	11727	_	_	start_char=66494|end_char=66496
11729	creation.	_	_	_	_	11728	_	_	start_char=66497|end_char=66506
11730	I	_	_	_	_	11729	_	_	start_char=66507|end_char=66508
11731	closed	_	_	_	_	11730	_	_	start_char=66509|end_char=66515
11732	not	_	_	_	_	11731	_	_	start_char=66516|end_char=66519
11733	my	_	_	_	_	11732	_	_	start_char=66520|end_char=66522
11734	eyes	_	_	_	_	11733	_	_	start_char=66523|end_char=66527
11735	that	_	_	_	_	11734	_	_	start_char=66528|end_char=66532
11736	night.	_	_	_	_	11735	_	_	start_char=66533|end_char=66539
11737	My	_	_	_	_	11736	_	_	start_char=66540|end_char=66542
11738	internal	_	_	_	_	11737	_	_	start_char=66543|end_char=66551
11739	being	_	_	_	_	11738	_	_	start_char=66552|end_char=66557
11740	was	_	_	_	_	11739	_	_	start_char=66558|end_char=66561
11741	in	_	_	_	_	11740	_	_	start_char=66562|end_char=66564
11742	a	_	_	_	_	11741	_	_	start_char=66565|end_char=66566
11743	state	_	_	_	_	11742	_	_	start_char=66567|end_char=66572
11744	of	_	_	_	_	11743	_	_	start_char=66573|end_char=66575
11745	insurrection	_	_	_	_	11744	_	_	start_char=66576|end_char=66588
11746	and	_	_	_	_	11745	_	_	start_char=66589|end_char=66592
11747	turmoil;	_	_	_	_	11746	_	_	start_char=66593|end_char=66601
11748	I	_	_	_	_	11747	_	_	start_char=66602|end_char=66603
11749	felt	_	_	_	_	11748	_	_	start_char=66604|end_char=66608
11750	that	_	_	_	_	11749	_	_	start_char=66609|end_char=66613
11751	order	_	_	_	_	11750	_	_	start_char=66614|end_char=66619
11752	would	_	_	_	_	11751	_	_	start_char=66620|end_char=66625
11753	thence	_	_	_	_	11752	_	_	start_char=66626|end_char=66632
11754	arise,	_	_	_	_	11753	_	_	start_char=66633|end_char=66639
11755	but	_	_	_	_	11754	_	_	start_char=66640|end_char=66643
11756	I	_	_	_	_	11755	_	_	start_char=66644|end_char=66645
11757	had	_	_	_	_	11756	_	_	start_char=66646|end_char=66649
11758	no	_	_	_	_	11757	_	_	start_char=66650|end_char=66652
11759	power	_	_	_	_	11758	_	_	start_char=66653|end_char=66658
11760	to	_	_	_	_	11759	_	_	start_char=66659|end_char=66661
11761	produce	_	_	_	_	11760	_	_	start_char=66662|end_char=66669
11762	it.	_	_	_	_	11761	_	_	start_char=66670|end_char=66673
11763	By	_	_	_	_	11762	_	_	start_char=66674|end_char=66676
11764	degrees,	_	_	_	_	11763	_	_	start_char=66677|end_char=66685
11765	after	_	_	_	_	11764	_	_	start_char=66686|end_char=66691
11766	the	_	_	_	_	11765	_	_	start_char=66692|end_char=66695
11767	morning’s	_	_	_	_	11766	_	_	start_char=66696|end_char=66705
11768	dawn,	_	_	_	_	11767	_	_	start_char=66706|end_char=66711
11769	sleep	_	_	_	_	11768	_	_	start_char=66712|end_char=66717
11770	came.	_	_	_	_	11769	_	_	start_char=66718|end_char=66723
11771	I	_	_	_	_	11770	_	_	start_char=66724|end_char=66725
11772	awoke,	_	_	_	_	11771	_	_	start_char=66726|end_char=66732
11773	and	_	_	_	_	11772	_	_	start_char=66733|end_char=66736
11774	my	_	_	_	_	11773	_	_	start_char=66737|end_char=66739
11775	yesternight’s	_	_	_	_	11774	_	_	start_char=66740|end_char=66753
11776	thoughts	_	_	_	_	11775	_	_	start_char=66754|end_char=66762
11777	were	_	_	_	_	11776	_	_	start_char=66763|end_char=66767
11778	as	_	_	_	_	11777	_	_	start_char=66768|end_char=66770
11779	a	_	_	_	_	11778	_	_	start_char=66771|end_char=66772
11780	dream.	_	_	_	_	11779	_	_	start_char=66773|end_char=66779
11781	There	_	_	_	_	11780	_	_	start_char=66780|end_char=66785
11782	only	_	_	_	_	11781	_	_	start_char=66786|end_char=66790
11783	remained	_	_	_	_	11782	_	_	start_char=66791|end_char=66799
11784	a	_	_	_	_	11783	_	_	start_char=66800|end_char=66801
11785	resolution	_	_	_	_	11784	_	_	start_char=66802|end_char=66812
11786	to	_	_	_	_	11785	_	_	start_char=66813|end_char=66815
11787	return	_	_	_	_	11786	_	_	start_char=66816|end_char=66822
11788	to	_	_	_	_	11787	_	_	start_char=66823|end_char=66825
11789	my	_	_	_	_	11788	_	_	start_char=66826|end_char=66828
11790	ancient	_	_	_	_	11789	_	_	start_char=66829|end_char=66836
11791	studies	_	_	_	_	11790	_	_	start_char=66837|end_char=66844
11792	and	_	_	_	_	11791	_	_	start_char=66845|end_char=66848
11793	to	_	_	_	_	11792	_	_	start_char=66849|end_char=66851
11794	devote	_	_	_	_	11793	_	_	start_char=66852|end_char=66858
11795	myself	_	_	_	_	11794	_	_	start_char=66859|end_char=66865
11796	to	_	_	_	_	11795	_	_	start_char=66866|end_char=66868
11797	a	_	_	_	_	11796	_	_	start_char=66869|end_char=66870
11798	science	_	_	_	_	11797	_	_	start_char=66871|end_char=66878
11799	for	_	_	_	_	11798	_	_	start_char=66879|end_char=66882
11800	which	_	_	_	_	11799	_	_	start_char=66883|end_char=66888
11801	I	_	_	_	_	11800	_	_	start_char=66889|end_char=66890
11802	believed	_	_	_	_	11801	_	_	start_char=66891|end_char=66899
11803	myself	_	_	_	_	11802	_	_	start_char=66900|end_char=66906
11804	to	_	_	_	_	11803	_	_	start_char=66907|end_char=66909
11805	possess	_	_	_	_	11804	_	_	start_char=66910|end_char=66917
11806	a	_	_	_	_	11805	_	_	start_char=66918|end_char=66919
11807	natural	_	_	_	_	11806	_	_	start_char=66920|end_char=66927
11808	talent.	_	_	_	_	11807	_	_	start_char=66928|end_char=66935
11809	On	_	_	_	_	11808	_	_	start_char=66936|end_char=66938
11810	the	_	_	_	_	11809	_	_	start_char=66939|end_char=66942
11811	same	_	_	_	_	11810	_	_	start_char=66943|end_char=66947
11812	day	_	_	_	_	11811	_	_	start_char=66948|end_char=66951
11813	I	_	_	_	_	11812	_	_	start_char=66952|end_char=66953
11814	paid	_	_	_	_	11813	_	_	start_char=66954|end_char=66958
11815	M.	_	_	_	_	11814	_	_	start_char=66959|end_char=66961
11816	Waldman	_	_	_	_	11815	_	_	start_char=66962|end_char=66969
11817	a	_	_	_	_	11816	_	_	start_char=66970|end_char=66971
11818	visit.	_	_	_	_	11817	_	_	start_char=66972|end_char=66978
11819	His	_	_	_	_	11818	_	_	start_char=66979|end_char=66982
11820	manners	_	_	_	_	11819	_	_	start_char=66983|end_char=66990
11821	in	_	_	_	_	11820	_	_	start_char=66991|end_char=66993
11822	private	_	_	_	_	11821	_	_	start_char=66994|end_char=67001
11823	were	_	_	_	_	11822	_	_	start_char=67002|end_char=67006
11824	even	_	_	_	_	11823	_	_	start_char=67007|end_char=67011
11825	more	_	_	_	_	11824	_	_	start_char=67012|end_char=67016
11826	mild	_	_	_	_	11825	_	_	start_char=67017|end_char=67021
11827	and	_	_	_	_	11826	_	_	start_char=67022|end_char=67025
11828	attractive	_	_	_	_	11827	_	_	start_char=67026|end_char=67036
11829	than	_	_	_	_	11828	_	_	start_char=67037|end_char=67041
11830	in	_	_	_	_	11829	_	_	start_char=67042|end_char=67044
11831	public,	_	_	_	_	11830	_	_	start_char=67045|end_char=67052
11832	for	_	_	_	_	11831	_	_	start_char=67053|end_char=67056
11833	there	_	_	_	_	11832	_	_	start_char=67057|end_char=67062
11834	was	_	_	_	_	11833	_	_	start_char=67063|end_char=67066
11835	a	_	_	_	_	11834	_	_	start_char=67067|end_char=67068
11836	certain	_	_	_	_	11835	_	_	start_char=67069|end_char=67076
11837	dignity	_	_	_	_	11836	_	_	start_char=67077|end_char=67084
11838	in	_	_	_	_	11837	_	_	start_char=67085|end_char=67087
11839	his	_	_	_	_	11838	_	_	start_char=67088|end_char=67091
11840	mien	_	_	_	_	11839	_	_	start_char=67092|end_char=67096
11841	during	_	_	_	_	11840	_	_	start_char=67097|end_char=67103
11842	his	_	_	_	_	11841	_	_	start_char=67104|end_char=67107
11843	lecture	_	_	_	_	11842	_	_	start_char=67108|end_char=67115
11844	which	_	_	_	_	11843	_	_	start_char=67116|end_char=67121
11845	in	_	_	_	_	11844	_	_	start_char=67122|end_char=67124
11846	his	_	_	_	_	11845	_	_	start_char=67125|end_char=67128
11847	own	_	_	_	_	11846	_	_	start_char=67129|end_char=67132
11848	house	_	_	_	_	11847	_	_	start_char=67133|end_char=67138
11849	was	_	_	_	_	11848	_	_	start_char=67139|end_char=67142
11850	replaced	_	_	_	_	11849	_	_	start_char=67143|end_char=67151
11851	by	_	_	_	_	11850	_	_	start_char=67152|end_char=67154
11852	the	_	_	_	_	11851	_	_	start_char=67155|end_char=67158
11853	greatest	_	_	_	_	11852	_	_	start_char=67159|end_char=67167
11854	affability	_	_	_	_	11853	_	_	start_char=67168|end_char=67178
11855	and	_	_	_	_	11854	_	_	start_char=67179|end_char=67182
11856	kindness.	_	_	_	_	11855	_	_	start_char=67183|end_char=67192
11857	I	_	_	_	_	11856	_	_	start_char=67193|end_char=67194
11858	gave	_	_	_	_	11857	_	_	start_char=67195|end_char=67199
11859	him	_	_	_	_	11858	_	_	start_char=67200|end_char=67203
11860	pretty	_	_	_	_	11859	_	_	start_char=67204|end_char=67210
11861	nearly	_	_	_	_	11860	_	_	start_char=67211|end_char=67217
11862	the	_	_	_	_	11861	_	_	start_char=67218|end_char=67221
11863	same	_	_	_	_	11862	_	_	start_char=67222|end_char=67226
11864	account	_	_	_	_	11863	_	_	start_char=67227|end_char=67234
11865	of	_	_	_	_	11864	_	_	start_char=67235|end_char=67237
11866	my	_	_	_	_	11865	_	_	start_char=67238|end_char=67240
11867	former	_	_	_	_	11866	_	_	start_char=67241|end_char=67247
11868	pursuits	_	_	_	_	11867	_	_	start_char=67248|end_char=67256
11869	as	_	_	_	_	11868	_	_	start_char=67257|end_char=67259
11870	I	_	_	_	_	11869	_	_	start_char=67260|end_char=67261
11871	had	_	_	_	_	11870	_	_	start_char=67262|end_char=67265
11872	given	_	_	_	_	11871	_	_	start_char=67266|end_char=67271
11873	to	_	_	_	_	11872	_	_	start_char=67272|end_char=67274
11874	his	_	_	_	_	11873	_	_	start_char=67275|end_char=67278
11875	fellow	_	_	_	_	11874	_	_	start_char=67279|end_char=67285
11876	professor.	_	_	_	_	11875	_	_	start_char=67286|end_char=67296
11877	He	_	_	_	_	11876	_	_	start_char=67297|end_char=67299
11878	heard	_	_	_	_	11877	_	_	start_char=67300|end_char=67305
11879	with	_	_	_	_	11878	_	_	start_char=67306|end_char=67310
11880	attention	_	_	_	_	11879	_	_	start_char=67311|end_char=67320
11881	the	_	_	_	_	11880	_	_	start_char=67321|end_char=67324
11882	little	_	_	_	_	11881	_	_	start_char=67325|end_char=67331
11883	narration	_	_	_	_	11882	_	_	start_char=67332|end_char=67341
11884	concerning	_	_	_	_	11883	_	_	start_char=67342|end_char=67352
11885	my	_	_	_	_	11884	_	_	start_char=67353|end_char=67355
11886	studies	_	_	_	_	11885	_	_	start_char=67356|end_char=67363
11887	and	_	_	_	_	11886	_	_	start_char=67364|end_char=67367
11888	smiled	_	_	_	_	11887	_	_	start_char=67368|end_char=67374
11889	at	_	_	_	_	11888	_	_	start_char=67375|end_char=67377
11890	the	_	_	_	_	11889	_	_	start_char=67378|end_char=67381
11891	names	_	_	_	_	11890	_	_	start_char=67382|end_char=67387
11892	of	_	_	_	_	11891	_	_	start_char=67388|end_char=67390
11893	Cornelius	_	_	_	_	11892	_	_	start_char=67391|end_char=67400
11894	Agrippa	_	_	_	_	11893	_	_	start_char=67401|end_char=67408
11895	and	_	_	_	_	11894	_	_	start_char=67409|end_char=67412
11896	Paracelsus,	_	_	_	_	11895	_	_	start_char=67413|end_char=67424
11897	but	_	_	_	_	11896	_	_	start_char=67425|end_char=67428
11898	without	_	_	_	_	11897	_	_	start_char=67429|end_char=67436
11899	the	_	_	_	_	11898	_	_	start_char=67437|end_char=67440
11900	contempt	_	_	_	_	11899	_	_	start_char=67441|end_char=67449
11901	that	_	_	_	_	11900	_	_	start_char=67450|end_char=67454
11902	M.	_	_	_	_	11901	_	_	start_char=67455|end_char=67457
11903	Krempe	_	_	_	_	11902	_	_	start_char=67458|end_char=67464
11904	had	_	_	_	_	11903	_	_	start_char=67465|end_char=67468
11905	exhibited.	_	_	_	_	11904	_	_	start_char=67469|end_char=67479
11906	He	_	_	_	_	11905	_	_	start_char=67480|end_char=67482
11907	said	_	_	_	_	11906	_	_	start_char=67483|end_char=67487
11908	that	_	_	_	_	11907	_	_	start_char=67488|end_char=67492
11909	“These	_	_	_	_	11908	_	_	start_char=67493|end_char=67499
11910	were	_	_	_	_	11909	_	_	start_char=67500|end_char=67504
11911	men	_	_	_	_	11910	_	_	start_char=67505|end_char=67508
11912	to	_	_	_	_	11911	_	_	start_char=67509|end_char=67511
11913	whose	_	_	_	_	11912	_	_	start_char=67512|end_char=67517
11914	indefatigable	_	_	_	_	11913	_	_	start_char=67518|end_char=67531
11915	zeal	_	_	_	_	11914	_	_	start_char=67532|end_char=67536
11916	modern	_	_	_	_	11915	_	_	start_char=67537|end_char=67543
11917	philosophers	_	_	_	_	11916	_	_	start_char=67544|end_char=67556
11918	were	_	_	_	_	11917	_	_	start_char=67557|end_char=67561
11919	indebted	_	_	_	_	11918	_	_	start_char=67562|end_char=67570
11920	for	_	_	_	_	11919	_	_	start_char=67571|end_char=67574
11921	most	_	_	_	_	11920	_	_	start_char=67575|end_char=67579
11922	of	_	_	_	_	11921	_	_	start_char=67580|end_char=67582
11923	the	_	_	_	_	11922	_	_	start_char=67583|end_char=67586
11924	foundations	_	_	_	_	11923	_	_	start_char=67587|end_char=67598
11925	of	_	_	_	_	11924	_	_	start_char=67599|end_char=67601
11926	their	_	_	_	_	11925	_	_	start_char=67602|end_char=67607
11927	knowledge.	_	_	_	_	11926	_	_	start_char=67608|end_char=67618
11928	They	_	_	_	_	11927	_	_	start_char=67619|end_char=67623
11929	had	_	_	_	_	11928	_	_	start_char=67624|end_char=67627
11930	left	_	_	_	_	11929	_	_	start_char=67628|end_char=67632
11931	to	_	_	_	_	11930	_	_	start_char=67633|end_char=67635
11932	us,	_	_	_	_	11931	_	_	start_char=67636|end_char=67639
11933	as	_	_	_	_	11932	_	_	start_char=67640|end_char=67642
11934	an	_	_	_	_	11933	_	_	start_char=67643|end_char=67645
11935	easier	_	_	_	_	11934	_	_	start_char=67646|end_char=67652
11936	task,	_	_	_	_	11935	_	_	start_char=67653|end_char=67658
11937	to	_	_	_	_	11936	_	_	start_char=67659|end_char=67661
11938	give	_	_	_	_	11937	_	_	start_char=67662|end_char=67666
11939	new	_	_	_	_	11938	_	_	start_char=67667|end_char=67670
11940	names	_	_	_	_	11939	_	_	start_char=67671|end_char=67676
11941	and	_	_	_	_	11940	_	_	start_char=67677|end_char=67680
11942	arrange	_	_	_	_	11941	_	_	start_char=67681|end_char=67688
11943	in	_	_	_	_	11942	_	_	start_char=67689|end_char=67691
11944	connected	_	_	_	_	11943	_	_	start_char=67692|end_char=67701
11945	classifications	_	_	_	_	11944	_	_	start_char=67702|end_char=67717
11946	the	_	_	_	_	11945	_	_	start_char=67718|end_char=67721
11947	facts	_	_	_	_	11946	_	_	start_char=67722|end_char=67727
11948	which	_	_	_	_	11947	_	_	start_char=67728|end_char=67733
11949	they	_	_	_	_	11948	_	_	start_char=67734|end_char=67738
11950	in	_	_	_	_	11949	_	_	start_char=67739|end_char=67741
11951	a	_	_	_	_	11950	_	_	start_char=67742|end_char=67743
11952	great	_	_	_	_	11951	_	_	start_char=67744|end_char=67749
11953	degree	_	_	_	_	11952	_	_	start_char=67750|end_char=67756
11954	had	_	_	_	_	11953	_	_	start_char=67757|end_char=67760
11955	been	_	_	_	_	11954	_	_	start_char=67761|end_char=67765
11956	the	_	_	_	_	11955	_	_	start_char=67766|end_char=67769
11957	instruments	_	_	_	_	11956	_	_	start_char=67770|end_char=67781
11958	of	_	_	_	_	11957	_	_	start_char=67782|end_char=67784
11959	bringing	_	_	_	_	11958	_	_	start_char=67785|end_char=67793
11960	to	_	_	_	_	11959	_	_	start_char=67794|end_char=67796
11961	light.	_	_	_	_	11960	_	_	start_char=67797|end_char=67803
11962	The	_	_	_	_	11961	_	_	start_char=67804|end_char=67807
11963	labours	_	_	_	_	11962	_	_	start_char=67808|end_char=67815
11964	of	_	_	_	_	11963	_	_	start_char=67816|end_char=67818
11965	men	_	_	_	_	11964	_	_	start_char=67819|end_char=67822
11966	of	_	_	_	_	11965	_	_	start_char=67823|end_char=67825
11967	genius,	_	_	_	_	11966	_	_	start_char=67826|end_char=67833
11968	however	_	_	_	_	11967	_	_	start_char=67834|end_char=67841
11969	erroneously	_	_	_	_	11968	_	_	start_char=67842|end_char=67853
11970	directed,	_	_	_	_	11969	_	_	start_char=67854|end_char=67863
11971	scarcely	_	_	_	_	11970	_	_	start_char=67864|end_char=67872
11972	ever	_	_	_	_	11971	_	_	start_char=67873|end_char=67877
11973	fail	_	_	_	_	11972	_	_	start_char=67878|end_char=67882
11974	in	_	_	_	_	11973	_	_	start_char=67883|end_char=67885
11975	ultimately	_	_	_	_	11974	_	_	start_char=67886|end_char=67896
11976	turning	_	_	_	_	11975	_	_	start_char=67897|end_char=67904
11977	to	_	_	_	_	11976	_	_	start_char=67905|end_char=67907
11978	the	_	_	_	_	11977	_	_	start_char=67908|end_char=67911
11979	solid	_	_	_	_	11978	_	_	start_char=67912|end_char=67917
11980	advantage	_	_	_	_	11979	_	_	start_char=67918|end_char=67927
11981	of	_	_	_	_	11980	_	_	start_char=67928|end_char=67930
11982	mankind.”	_	_	_	_	11981	_	_	start_char=67931|end_char=67940
11983	I	_	_	_	_	11982	_	_	start_char=67941|end_char=67942
11984	listened	_	_	_	_	11983	_	_	start_char=67943|end_char=67951
11985	to	_	_	_	_	11984	_	_	start_char=67952|end_char=67954
11986	his	_	_	_	_	11985	_	_	start_char=67955|end_char=67958
11987	statement,	_	_	_	_	11986	_	_	start_char=67959|end_char=67969
11988	which	_	_	_	_	11987	_	_	start_char=67970|end_char=67975
11989	was	_	_	_	_	11988	_	_	start_char=67976|end_char=67979
11990	delivered	_	_	_	_	11989	_	_	start_char=67980|end_char=67989
11991	without	_	_	_	_	11990	_	_	start_char=67990|end_char=67997
11992	any	_	_	_	_	11991	_	_	start_char=67998|end_char=68001
11993	presumption	_	_	_	_	11992	_	_	start_char=68002|end_char=68013
11994	or	_	_	_	_	11993	_	_	start_char=68014|end_char=68016
11995	affectation,	_	_	_	_	11994	_	_	start_char=68017|end_char=68029
11996	and	_	_	_	_	11995	_	_	start_char=68030|end_char=68033
11997	then	_	_	_	_	11996	_	_	start_char=68034|end_char=68038
11998	added	_	_	_	_	11997	_	_	start_char=68039|end_char=68044
11999	that	_	_	_	_	11998	_	_	start_char=68045|end_char=68049
12000	his	_	_	_	_	11999	_	_	start_char=68050|end_char=68053
12001	lecture	_	_	_	_	12000	_	_	start_char=68054|end_char=68061
12002	had	_	_	_	_	12001	_	_	start_char=68062|end_char=68065
12003	removed	_	_	_	_	12002	_	_	start_char=68066|end_char=68073
12004	my	_	_	_	_	12003	_	_	start_char=68074|end_char=68076
12005	prejudices	_	_	_	_	12004	_	_	start_char=68077|end_char=68087
12006	against	_	_	_	_	12005	_	_	start_char=68088|end_char=68095
12007	modern	_	_	_	_	12006	_	_	start_char=68096|end_char=68102
12008	chemists;	_	_	_	_	12007	_	_	start_char=68103|end_char=68112
12009	I	_	_	_	_	12008	_	_	start_char=68113|end_char=68114
12010	expressed	_	_	_	_	12009	_	_	start_char=68115|end_char=68124
12011	myself	_	_	_	_	12010	_	_	start_char=68125|end_char=68131
12012	in	_	_	_	_	12011	_	_	start_char=68132|end_char=68134
12013	measured	_	_	_	_	12012	_	_	start_char=68135|end_char=68143
12014	terms,	_	_	_	_	12013	_	_	start_char=68144|end_char=68150
12015	with	_	_	_	_	12014	_	_	start_char=68151|end_char=68155
12016	the	_	_	_	_	12015	_	_	start_char=68156|end_char=68159
12017	modesty	_	_	_	_	12016	_	_	start_char=68160|end_char=68167
12018	and	_	_	_	_	12017	_	_	start_char=68168|end_char=68171
12019	deference	_	_	_	_	12018	_	_	start_char=68172|end_char=68181
12020	due	_	_	_	_	12019	_	_	start_char=68182|end_char=68185
12021	from	_	_	_	_	12020	_	_	start_char=68186|end_char=68190
12022	a	_	_	_	_	12021	_	_	start_char=68191|end_char=68192
12023	youth	_	_	_	_	12022	_	_	start_char=68193|end_char=68198
12024	to	_	_	_	_	12023	_	_	start_char=68199|end_char=68201
12025	his	_	_	_	_	12024	_	_	start_char=68202|end_char=68205
12026	instructor,	_	_	_	_	12025	_	_	start_char=68206|end_char=68217
12027	without	_	_	_	_	12026	_	_	start_char=68218|end_char=68225
12028	letting	_	_	_	_	12027	_	_	start_char=68226|end_char=68233
12029	escape	_	_	_	_	12028	_	_	start_char=68234|end_char=68240
12030	(inexperience	_	_	_	_	12029	_	_	start_char=68241|end_char=68254
12031	in	_	_	_	_	12030	_	_	start_char=68255|end_char=68257
12032	life	_	_	_	_	12031	_	_	start_char=68258|end_char=68262
12033	would	_	_	_	_	12032	_	_	start_char=68263|end_char=68268
12034	have	_	_	_	_	12033	_	_	start_char=68269|end_char=68273
12035	made	_	_	_	_	12034	_	_	start_char=68274|end_char=68278
12036	me	_	_	_	_	12035	_	_	start_char=68279|end_char=68281
12037	ashamed)	_	_	_	_	12036	_	_	start_char=68282|end_char=68290
12038	any	_	_	_	_	12037	_	_	start_char=68291|end_char=68294
12039	of	_	_	_	_	12038	_	_	start_char=68295|end_char=68297
12040	the	_	_	_	_	12039	_	_	start_char=68298|end_char=68301
12041	enthusiasm	_	_	_	_	12040	_	_	start_char=68302|end_char=68312
12042	which	_	_	_	_	12041	_	_	start_char=68313|end_char=68318
12043	stimulated	_	_	_	_	12042	_	_	start_char=68319|end_char=68329
12044	my	_	_	_	_	12043	_	_	start_char=68330|end_char=68332
12045	intended	_	_	_	_	12044	_	_	start_char=68333|end_char=68341
12046	labours.	_	_	_	_	12045	_	_	start_char=68342|end_char=68350
12047	I	_	_	_	_	12046	_	_	start_char=68351|end_char=68352
12048	requested	_	_	_	_	12047	_	_	start_char=68353|end_char=68362
12049	his	_	_	_	_	12048	_	_	start_char=68363|end_char=68366
12050	advice	_	_	_	_	12049	_	_	start_char=68367|end_char=68373
12051	concerning	_	_	_	_	12050	_	_	start_char=68374|end_char=68384
12052	the	_	_	_	_	12051	_	_	start_char=68385|end_char=68388
12053	books	_	_	_	_	12052	_	_	start_char=68389|end_char=68394
12054	I	_	_	_	_	12053	_	_	start_char=68395|end_char=68396
12055	ought	_	_	_	_	12054	_	_	start_char=68397|end_char=68402
12056	to	_	_	_	_	12055	_	_	start_char=68403|end_char=68405
12057	procure.	_	_	_	_	12056	_	_	start_char=68406|end_char=68414
12058	“I	_	_	_	_	12057	_	_	start_char=68415|end_char=68417
12059	am	_	_	_	_	12058	_	_	start_char=68418|end_char=68420
12060	happy,”	_	_	_	_	12059	_	_	start_char=68421|end_char=68428
12061	said	_	_	_	_	12060	_	_	start_char=68429|end_char=68433
12062	M.	_	_	_	_	12061	_	_	start_char=68434|end_char=68436
12063	Waldman,	_	_	_	_	12062	_	_	start_char=68437|end_char=68445
12064	“to	_	_	_	_	12063	_	_	start_char=68446|end_char=68449
12065	have	_	_	_	_	12064	_	_	start_char=68450|end_char=68454
12066	gained	_	_	_	_	12065	_	_	start_char=68455|end_char=68461
12067	a	_	_	_	_	12066	_	_	start_char=68462|end_char=68463
12068	disciple;	_	_	_	_	12067	_	_	start_char=68464|end_char=68473
12069	and	_	_	_	_	12068	_	_	start_char=68474|end_char=68477
12070	if	_	_	_	_	12069	_	_	start_char=68478|end_char=68480
12071	your	_	_	_	_	12070	_	_	start_char=68481|end_char=68485
12072	application	_	_	_	_	12071	_	_	start_char=68486|end_char=68497
12073	equals	_	_	_	_	12072	_	_	start_char=68498|end_char=68504
12074	your	_	_	_	_	12073	_	_	start_char=68505|end_char=68509
12075	ability,	_	_	_	_	12074	_	_	start_char=68510|end_char=68518
12076	I	_	_	_	_	12075	_	_	start_char=68519|end_char=68520
12077	have	_	_	_	_	12076	_	_	start_char=68521|end_char=68525
12078	no	_	_	_	_	12077	_	_	start_char=68526|end_char=68528
12079	doubt	_	_	_	_	12078	_	_	start_char=68529|end_char=68534
12080	of	_	_	_	_	12079	_	_	start_char=68535|end_char=68537
12081	your	_	_	_	_	12080	_	_	start_char=68538|end_char=68542
12082	success.	_	_	_	_	12081	_	_	start_char=68543|end_char=68551
12083	Chemistry	_	_	_	_	12082	_	_	start_char=68552|end_char=68561
12084	is	_	_	_	_	12083	_	_	start_char=68562|end_char=68564
12085	that	_	_	_	_	12084	_	_	start_char=68565|end_char=68569
12086	branch	_	_	_	_	12085	_	_	start_char=68570|end_char=68576
12087	of	_	_	_	_	12086	_	_	start_char=68577|end_char=68579
12088	natural	_	_	_	_	12087	_	_	start_char=68580|end_char=68587
12089	philosophy	_	_	_	_	12088	_	_	start_char=68588|end_char=68598
12090	in	_	_	_	_	12089	_	_	start_char=68599|end_char=68601
12091	which	_	_	_	_	12090	_	_	start_char=68602|end_char=68607
12092	the	_	_	_	_	12091	_	_	start_char=68608|end_char=68611
12093	greatest	_	_	_	_	12092	_	_	start_char=68612|end_char=68620
12094	improvements	_	_	_	_	12093	_	_	start_char=68621|end_char=68633
12095	have	_	_	_	_	12094	_	_	start_char=68634|end_char=68638
12096	been	_	_	_	_	12095	_	_	start_char=68639|end_char=68643
12097	and	_	_	_	_	12096	_	_	start_char=68644|end_char=68647
12098	may	_	_	_	_	12097	_	_	start_char=68648|end_char=68651
12099	be	_	_	_	_	12098	_	_	start_char=68652|end_char=68654
12100	made;	_	_	_	_	12099	_	_	start_char=68655|end_char=68660
12101	it	_	_	_	_	12100	_	_	start_char=68661|end_char=68663
12102	is	_	_	_	_	12101	_	_	start_char=68664|end_char=68666
12103	on	_	_	_	_	12102	_	_	start_char=68667|end_char=68669
12104	that	_	_	_	_	12103	_	_	start_char=68670|end_char=68674
12105	account	_	_	_	_	12104	_	_	start_char=68675|end_char=68682
12106	that	_	_	_	_	12105	_	_	start_char=68683|end_char=68687
12107	I	_	_	_	_	12106	_	_	start_char=68688|end_char=68689
12108	have	_	_	_	_	12107	_	_	start_char=68690|end_char=68694
12109	made	_	_	_	_	12108	_	_	start_char=68695|end_char=68699
12110	it	_	_	_	_	12109	_	_	start_char=68700|end_char=68702
12111	my	_	_	_	_	12110	_	_	start_char=68703|end_char=68705
12112	peculiar	_	_	_	_	12111	_	_	start_char=68706|end_char=68714
12113	study;	_	_	_	_	12112	_	_	start_char=68715|end_char=68721
12114	but	_	_	_	_	12113	_	_	start_char=68722|end_char=68725
12115	at	_	_	_	_	12114	_	_	start_char=68726|end_char=68728
12116	the	_	_	_	_	12115	_	_	start_char=68729|end_char=68732
12117	same	_	_	_	_	12116	_	_	start_char=68733|end_char=68737
12118	time,	_	_	_	_	12117	_	_	start_char=68738|end_char=68743
12119	I	_	_	_	_	12118	_	_	start_char=68744|end_char=68745
12120	have	_	_	_	_	12119	_	_	start_char=68746|end_char=68750
12121	not	_	_	_	_	12120	_	_	start_char=68751|end_char=68754
12122	neglected	_	_	_	_	12121	_	_	start_char=68755|end_char=68764
12123	the	_	_	_	_	12122	_	_	start_char=68765|end_char=68768
12124	other	_	_	_	_	12123	_	_	start_char=68769|end_char=68774
12125	branches	_	_	_	_	12124	_	_	start_char=68775|end_char=68783
12126	of	_	_	_	_	12125	_	_	start_char=68784|end_char=68786
12127	science.	_	_	_	_	12126	_	_	start_char=68787|end_char=68795
12128	A	_	_	_	_	12127	_	_	start_char=68796|end_char=68797
12129	man	_	_	_	_	12128	_	_	start_char=68798|end_char=68801
12130	would	_	_	_	_	12129	_	_	start_char=68802|end_char=68807
12131	make	_	_	_	_	12130	_	_	start_char=68808|end_char=68812
12132	but	_	_	_	_	12131	_	_	start_char=68813|end_char=68816
12133	a	_	_	_	_	12132	_	_	start_char=68817|end_char=68818
12134	very	_	_	_	_	12133	_	_	start_char=68819|end_char=68823
12135	sorry	_	_	_	_	12134	_	_	start_char=68824|end_char=68829
12136	chemist	_	_	_	_	12135	_	_	start_char=68830|end_char=68837
12137	if	_	_	_	_	12136	_	_	start_char=68838|end_char=68840
12138	he	_	_	_	_	12137	_	_	start_char=68841|end_char=68843
12139	attended	_	_	_	_	12138	_	_	start_char=68844|end_char=68852
12140	to	_	_	_	_	12139	_	_	start_char=68853|end_char=68855
12141	that	_	_	_	_	12140	_	_	start_char=68856|end_char=68860
12142	department	_	_	_	_	12141	_	_	start_char=68861|end_char=68871
12143	of	_	_	_	_	12142	_	_	start_char=68872|end_char=68874
12144	human	_	_	_	_	12143	_	_	start_char=68875|end_char=68880
12145	knowledge	_	_	_	_	12144	_	_	start_char=68881|end_char=68890
12146	alone.	_	_	_	_	12145	_	_	start_char=68891|end_char=68897
12147	If	_	_	_	_	12146	_	_	start_char=68898|end_char=68900
12148	your	_	_	_	_	12147	_	_	start_char=68901|end_char=68905
12149	wish	_	_	_	_	12148	_	_	start_char=68906|end_char=68910
12150	is	_	_	_	_	12149	_	_	start_char=68911|end_char=68913
12151	to	_	_	_	_	12150	_	_	start_char=68914|end_char=68916
12152	become	_	_	_	_	12151	_	_	start_char=68917|end_char=68923
12153	really	_	_	_	_	12152	_	_	start_char=68924|end_char=68930
12154	a	_	_	_	_	12153	_	_	start_char=68931|end_char=68932
12155	man	_	_	_	_	12154	_	_	start_char=68933|end_char=68936
12156	of	_	_	_	_	12155	_	_	start_char=68937|end_char=68939
12157	science	_	_	_	_	12156	_	_	start_char=68940|end_char=68947
12158	and	_	_	_	_	12157	_	_	start_char=68948|end_char=68951
12159	not	_	_	_	_	12158	_	_	start_char=68952|end_char=68955
12160	merely	_	_	_	_	12159	_	_	start_char=68956|end_char=68962
12161	a	_	_	_	_	12160	_	_	start_char=68963|end_char=68964
12162	petty	_	_	_	_	12161	_	_	start_char=68965|end_char=68970
12163	experimentalist,	_	_	_	_	12162	_	_	start_char=68971|end_char=68987
12164	I	_	_	_	_	12163	_	_	start_char=68988|end_char=68989
12165	should	_	_	_	_	12164	_	_	start_char=68990|end_char=68996
12166	advise	_	_	_	_	12165	_	_	start_char=68997|end_char=69003
12167	you	_	_	_	_	12166	_	_	start_char=69004|end_char=69007
12168	to	_	_	_	_	12167	_	_	start_char=69008|end_char=69010
12169	apply	_	_	_	_	12168	_	_	start_char=69011|end_char=69016
12170	to	_	_	_	_	12169	_	_	start_char=69017|end_char=69019
12171	every	_	_	_	_	12170	_	_	start_char=69020|end_char=69025
12172	branch	_	_	_	_	12171	_	_	start_char=69026|end_char=69032
12173	of	_	_	_	_	12172	_	_	start_char=69033|end_char=69035
12174	natural	_	_	_	_	12173	_	_	start_char=69036|end_char=69043
12175	philosophy,	_	_	_	_	12174	_	_	start_char=69044|end_char=69055
12176	including	_	_	_	_	12175	_	_	start_char=69056|end_char=69065
12177	mathematics.”	_	_	_	_	12176	_	_	start_char=69066|end_char=69079
12178	He	_	_	_	_	12177	_	_	start_char=69080|end_char=69082
12179	then	_	_	_	_	12178	_	_	start_char=69083|end_char=69087
12180	took	_	_	_	_	12179	_	_	start_char=69088|end_char=69092
12181	me	_	_	_	_	12180	_	_	start_char=69093|end_char=69095
12182	into	_	_	_	_	12181	_	_	start_char=69096|end_char=69100
12183	his	_	_	_	_	12182	_	_	start_char=69101|end_char=69104
12184	laboratory	_	_	_	_	12183	_	_	start_char=69105|end_char=69115
12185	and	_	_	_	_	12184	_	_	start_char=69116|end_char=69119
12186	explained	_	_	_	_	12185	_	_	start_char=69120|end_char=69129
12187	to	_	_	_	_	12186	_	_	start_char=69130|end_char=69132
12188	me	_	_	_	_	12187	_	_	start_char=69133|end_char=69135
12189	the	_	_	_	_	12188	_	_	start_char=69136|end_char=69139
12190	uses	_	_	_	_	12189	_	_	start_char=69140|end_char=69144
12191	of	_	_	_	_	12190	_	_	start_char=69145|end_char=69147
12192	his	_	_	_	_	12191	_	_	start_char=69148|end_char=69151
12193	various	_	_	_	_	12192	_	_	start_char=69152|end_char=69159
12194	machines,	_	_	_	_	12193	_	_	start_char=69160|end_char=69169
12195	instructing	_	_	_	_	12194	_	_	start_char=69170|end_char=69181
12196	me	_	_	_	_	12195	_	_	start_char=69182|end_char=69184
12197	as	_	_	_	_	12196	_	_	start_char=69185|end_char=69187
12198	to	_	_	_	_	12197	_	_	start_char=69188|end_char=69190
12199	what	_	_	_	_	12198	_	_	start_char=69191|end_char=69195
12200	I	_	_	_	_	12199	_	_	start_char=69196|end_char=69197
12201	ought	_	_	_	_	12200	_	_	start_char=69198|end_char=69203
12202	to	_	_	_	_	12201	_	_	start_char=69204|end_char=69206
12203	procure	_	_	_	_	12202	_	_	start_char=69207|end_char=69214
12204	and	_	_	_	_	12203	_	_	start_char=69215|end_char=69218
12205	promising	_	_	_	_	12204	_	_	start_char=69219|end_char=69228
12206	me	_	_	_	_	12205	_	_	start_char=69229|end_char=69231
12207	the	_	_	_	_	12206	_	_	start_char=69232|end_char=69235
12208	use	_	_	_	_	12207	_	_	start_char=69236|end_char=69239
12209	of	_	_	_	_	12208	_	_	start_char=69240|end_char=69242
12210	his	_	_	_	_	12209	_	_	start_char=69243|end_char=69246
12211	own	_	_	_	_	12210	_	_	start_char=69247|end_char=69250
12212	when	_	_	_	_	12211	_	_	start_char=69251|end_char=69255
12213	I	_	_	_	_	12212	_	_	start_char=69256|end_char=69257
12214	should	_	_	_	_	12213	_	_	start_char=69258|end_char=69264
12215	have	_	_	_	_	12214	_	_	start_char=69265|end_char=69269
12216	advanced	_	_	_	_	12215	_	_	start_char=69270|end_char=69278
12217	far	_	_	_	_	12216	_	_	start_char=69279|end_char=69282
12218	enough	_	_	_	_	12217	_	_	start_char=69283|end_char=69289
12219	in	_	_	_	_	12218	_	_	start_char=69290|end_char=69292
12220	the	_	_	_	_	12219	_	_	start_char=69293|end_char=69296
12221	science	_	_	_	_	12220	_	_	start_char=69297|end_char=69304
12222	not	_	_	_	_	12221	_	_	start_char=69305|end_char=69308
12223	to	_	_	_	_	12222	_	_	start_char=69309|end_char=69311
12224	derange	_	_	_	_	12223	_	_	start_char=69312|end_char=69319
12225	their	_	_	_	_	12224	_	_	start_char=69320|end_char=69325
12226	mechanism.	_	_	_	_	12225	_	_	start_char=69326|end_char=69336
12227	He	_	_	_	_	12226	_	_	start_char=69337|end_char=69339
12228	also	_	_	_	_	12227	_	_	start_char=69340|end_char=69344
12229	gave	_	_	_	_	12228	_	_	start_char=69345|end_char=69349
12230	me	_	_	_	_	12229	_	_	start_char=69350|end_char=69352
12231	the	_	_	_	_	12230	_	_	start_char=69353|end_char=69356
12232	list	_	_	_	_	12231	_	_	start_char=69357|end_char=69361
12233	of	_	_	_	_	12232	_	_	start_char=69362|end_char=69364
12234	books	_	_	_	_	12233	_	_	start_char=69365|end_char=69370
12235	which	_	_	_	_	12234	_	_	start_char=69371|end_char=69376
12236	I	_	_	_	_	12235	_	_	start_char=69377|end_char=69378
12237	had	_	_	_	_	12236	_	_	start_char=69379|end_char=69382
12238	requested,	_	_	_	_	12237	_	_	start_char=69383|end_char=69393
12239	and	_	_	_	_	12238	_	_	start_char=69394|end_char=69397
12240	I	_	_	_	_	12239	_	_	start_char=69398|end_char=69399
12241	took	_	_	_	_	12240	_	_	start_char=69400|end_char=69404
12242	my	_	_	_	_	12241	_	_	start_char=69405|end_char=69407
12243	leave.	_	_	_	_	12242	_	_	start_char=69408|end_char=69414
12244	Thus	_	_	_	_	12243	_	_	start_char=69415|end_char=69419
12245	ended	_	_	_	_	12244	_	_	start_char=69420|end_char=69425
12246	a	_	_	_	_	12245	_	_	start_char=69426|end_char=69427
12247	day	_	_	_	_	12246	_	_	start_char=69428|end_char=69431
12248	memorable	_	_	_	_	12247	_	_	start_char=69432|end_char=69441
12249	to	_	_	_	_	12248	_	_	start_char=69442|end_char=69444
12250	me;	_	_	_	_	12249	_	_	start_char=69445|end_char=69448
12251	it	_	_	_	_	12250	_	_	start_char=69449|end_char=69451
12252	decided	_	_	_	_	12251	_	_	start_char=69452|end_char=69459
12253	my	_	_	_	_	12252	_	_	start_char=69460|end_char=69462
12254	future	_	_	_	_	12253	_	_	start_char=69463|end_char=69469
12255	destiny.	_	_	_	_	12254	_	_	start_char=69470|end_char=69478
12256	Chapter	_	_	_	_	12255	_	_	start_char=69479|end_char=69486
12257	4	_	_	_	_	12256	_	_	start_char=69487|end_char=69488
12258	From	_	_	_	_	12257	_	_	start_char=69489|end_char=69493
12259	this	_	_	_	_	12258	_	_	start_char=69494|end_char=69498
12260	day	_	_	_	_	12259	_	_	start_char=69499|end_char=69502
12261	natural	_	_	_	_	12260	_	_	start_char=69503|end_char=69510
12262	philosophy,	_	_	_	_	12261	_	_	start_char=69511|end_char=69522
12263	and	_	_	_	_	12262	_	_	start_char=69523|end_char=69526
12264	particularly	_	_	_	_	12263	_	_	start_char=69527|end_char=69539
12265	chemistry,	_	_	_	_	12264	_	_	start_char=69540|end_char=69550
12266	in	_	_	_	_	12265	_	_	start_char=69551|end_char=69553
12267	the	_	_	_	_	12266	_	_	start_char=69554|end_char=69557
12268	most	_	_	_	_	12267	_	_	start_char=69558|end_char=69562
12269	comprehensive	_	_	_	_	12268	_	_	start_char=69563|end_char=69576
12270	sense	_	_	_	_	12269	_	_	start_char=69577|end_char=69582
12271	of	_	_	_	_	12270	_	_	start_char=69583|end_char=69585
12272	the	_	_	_	_	12271	_	_	start_char=69586|end_char=69589
12273	term,	_	_	_	_	12272	_	_	start_char=69590|end_char=69595
12274	became	_	_	_	_	12273	_	_	start_char=69596|end_char=69602
12275	nearly	_	_	_	_	12274	_	_	start_char=69603|end_char=69609
12276	my	_	_	_	_	12275	_	_	start_char=69610|end_char=69612
12277	sole	_	_	_	_	12276	_	_	start_char=69613|end_char=69617
12278	occupation.	_	_	_	_	12277	_	_	start_char=69618|end_char=69629
12279	I	_	_	_	_	12278	_	_	start_char=69630|end_char=69631
12280	read	_	_	_	_	12279	_	_	start_char=69632|end_char=69636
12281	with	_	_	_	_	12280	_	_	start_char=69637|end_char=69641
12282	ardour	_	_	_	_	12281	_	_	start_char=69642|end_char=69648
12283	those	_	_	_	_	12282	_	_	start_char=69649|end_char=69654
12284	works,	_	_	_	_	12283	_	_	start_char=69655|end_char=69661
12285	so	_	_	_	_	12284	_	_	start_char=69662|end_char=69664
12286	full	_	_	_	_	12285	_	_	start_char=69665|end_char=69669
12287	of	_	_	_	_	12286	_	_	start_char=69670|end_char=69672
12288	genius	_	_	_	_	12287	_	_	start_char=69673|end_char=69679
12289	and	_	_	_	_	12288	_	_	start_char=69680|end_char=69683
12290	discrimination,	_	_	_	_	12289	_	_	start_char=69684|end_char=69699
12291	which	_	_	_	_	12290	_	_	start_char=69700|end_char=69705
12292	modern	_	_	_	_	12291	_	_	start_char=69706|end_char=69712
12293	inquirers	_	_	_	_	12292	_	_	start_char=69713|end_char=69722
12294	have	_	_	_	_	12293	_	_	start_char=69723|end_char=69727
12295	written	_	_	_	_	12294	_	_	start_char=69728|end_char=69735
12296	on	_	_	_	_	12295	_	_	start_char=69736|end_char=69738
12297	these	_	_	_	_	12296	_	_	start_char=69739|end_char=69744
12298	subjects.	_	_	_	_	12297	_	_	start_char=69745|end_char=69754
12299	I	_	_	_	_	12298	_	_	start_char=69755|end_char=69756
12300	attended	_	_	_	_	12299	_	_	start_char=69757|end_char=69765
12301	the	_	_	_	_	12300	_	_	start_char=69766|end_char=69769
12302	lectures	_	_	_	_	12301	_	_	start_char=69770|end_char=69778
12303	and	_	_	_	_	12302	_	_	start_char=69779|end_char=69782
12304	cultivated	_	_	_	_	12303	_	_	start_char=69783|end_char=69793
12305	the	_	_	_	_	12304	_	_	start_char=69794|end_char=69797
12306	acquaintance	_	_	_	_	12305	_	_	start_char=69798|end_char=69810
12307	of	_	_	_	_	12306	_	_	start_char=69811|end_char=69813
12308	the	_	_	_	_	12307	_	_	start_char=69814|end_char=69817
12309	men	_	_	_	_	12308	_	_	start_char=69818|end_char=69821
12310	of	_	_	_	_	12309	_	_	start_char=69822|end_char=69824
12311	science	_	_	_	_	12310	_	_	start_char=69825|end_char=69832
12312	of	_	_	_	_	12311	_	_	start_char=69833|end_char=69835
12313	the	_	_	_	_	12312	_	_	start_char=69836|end_char=69839
12314	university,	_	_	_	_	12313	_	_	start_char=69840|end_char=69851
12315	and	_	_	_	_	12314	_	_	start_char=69852|end_char=69855
12316	I	_	_	_	_	12315	_	_	start_char=69856|end_char=69857
12317	found	_	_	_	_	12316	_	_	start_char=69858|end_char=69863
12318	even	_	_	_	_	12317	_	_	start_char=69864|end_char=69868
12319	in	_	_	_	_	12318	_	_	start_char=69869|end_char=69871
12320	M.	_	_	_	_	12319	_	_	start_char=69872|end_char=69874
12321	Krempe	_	_	_	_	12320	_	_	start_char=69875|end_char=69881
12322	a	_	_	_	_	12321	_	_	start_char=69882|end_char=69883
12323	great	_	_	_	_	12322	_	_	start_char=69884|end_char=69889
12324	deal	_	_	_	_	12323	_	_	start_char=69890|end_char=69894
12325	of	_	_	_	_	12324	_	_	start_char=69895|end_char=69897
12326	sound	_	_	_	_	12325	_	_	start_char=69898|end_char=69903
12327	sense	_	_	_	_	12326	_	_	start_char=69904|end_char=69909
12328	and	_	_	_	_	12327	_	_	start_char=69910|end_char=69913
12329	real	_	_	_	_	12328	_	_	start_char=69914|end_char=69918
12330	information,	_	_	_	_	12329	_	_	start_char=69919|end_char=69931
12331	combined,	_	_	_	_	12330	_	_	start_char=69932|end_char=69941
12332	it	_	_	_	_	12331	_	_	start_char=69942|end_char=69944
12333	is	_	_	_	_	12332	_	_	start_char=69945|end_char=69947
12334	true,	_	_	_	_	12333	_	_	start_char=69948|end_char=69953
12335	with	_	_	_	_	12334	_	_	start_char=69954|end_char=69958
12336	a	_	_	_	_	12335	_	_	start_char=69959|end_char=69960
12337	repulsive	_	_	_	_	12336	_	_	start_char=69961|end_char=69970
12338	physiognomy	_	_	_	_	12337	_	_	start_char=69971|end_char=69982
12339	and	_	_	_	_	12338	_	_	start_char=69983|end_char=69986
12340	manners,	_	_	_	_	12339	_	_	start_char=69987|end_char=69995
12341	but	_	_	_	_	12340	_	_	start_char=69996|end_char=69999
12342	not	_	_	_	_	12341	_	_	start_char=70000|end_char=70003
12343	on	_	_	_	_	12342	_	_	start_char=70004|end_char=70006
12344	that	_	_	_	_	12343	_	_	start_char=70007|end_char=70011
12345	account	_	_	_	_	12344	_	_	start_char=70012|end_char=70019
12346	the	_	_	_	_	12345	_	_	start_char=70020|end_char=70023
12347	less	_	_	_	_	12346	_	_	start_char=70024|end_char=70028
12348	valuable.	_	_	_	_	12347	_	_	start_char=70029|end_char=70038
12349	In	_	_	_	_	12348	_	_	start_char=70039|end_char=70041
12350	M.	_	_	_	_	12349	_	_	start_char=70042|end_char=70044
12351	Waldman	_	_	_	_	12350	_	_	start_char=70045|end_char=70052
12352	I	_	_	_	_	12351	_	_	start_char=70053|end_char=70054
12353	found	_	_	_	_	12352	_	_	start_char=70055|end_char=70060
12354	a	_	_	_	_	12353	_	_	start_char=70061|end_char=70062
12355	true	_	_	_	_	12354	_	_	start_char=70063|end_char=70067
12356	friend.	_	_	_	_	12355	_	_	start_char=70068|end_char=70075
12357	His	_	_	_	_	12356	_	_	start_char=70076|end_char=70079
12358	gentleness	_	_	_	_	12357	_	_	start_char=70080|end_char=70090
12359	was	_	_	_	_	12358	_	_	start_char=70091|end_char=70094
12360	never	_	_	_	_	12359	_	_	start_char=70095|end_char=70100
12361	tinged	_	_	_	_	12360	_	_	start_char=70101|end_char=70107
12362	by	_	_	_	_	12361	_	_	start_char=70108|end_char=70110
12363	dogmatism,	_	_	_	_	12362	_	_	start_char=70111|end_char=70121
12364	and	_	_	_	_	12363	_	_	start_char=70122|end_char=70125
12365	his	_	_	_	_	12364	_	_	start_char=70126|end_char=70129
12366	instructions	_	_	_	_	12365	_	_	start_char=70130|end_char=70142
12367	were	_	_	_	_	12366	_	_	start_char=70143|end_char=70147
12368	given	_	_	_	_	12367	_	_	start_char=70148|end_char=70153
12369	with	_	_	_	_	12368	_	_	start_char=70154|end_char=70158
12370	an	_	_	_	_	12369	_	_	start_char=70159|end_char=70161
12371	air	_	_	_	_	12370	_	_	start_char=70162|end_char=70165
12372	of	_	_	_	_	12371	_	_	start_char=70166|end_char=70168
12373	frankness	_	_	_	_	12372	_	_	start_char=70169|end_char=70178
12374	and	_	_	_	_	12373	_	_	start_char=70179|end_char=70182
12375	good	_	_	_	_	12374	_	_	start_char=70183|end_char=70187
12376	nature	_	_	_	_	12375	_	_	start_char=70188|end_char=70194
12377	that	_	_	_	_	12376	_	_	start_char=70195|end_char=70199
12378	banished	_	_	_	_	12377	_	_	start_char=70200|end_char=70208
12379	every	_	_	_	_	12378	_	_	start_char=70209|end_char=70214
12380	idea	_	_	_	_	12379	_	_	start_char=70215|end_char=70219
12381	of	_	_	_	_	12380	_	_	start_char=70220|end_char=70222
12382	pedantry.	_	_	_	_	12381	_	_	start_char=70223|end_char=70232
12383	In	_	_	_	_	12382	_	_	start_char=70233|end_char=70235
12384	a	_	_	_	_	12383	_	_	start_char=70236|end_char=70237
12385	thousand	_	_	_	_	12384	_	_	start_char=70238|end_char=70246
12386	ways	_	_	_	_	12385	_	_	start_char=70247|end_char=70251
12387	he	_	_	_	_	12386	_	_	start_char=70252|end_char=70254
12388	smoothed	_	_	_	_	12387	_	_	start_char=70255|end_char=70263
12389	for	_	_	_	_	12388	_	_	start_char=70264|end_char=70267
12390	me	_	_	_	_	12389	_	_	start_char=70268|end_char=70270
12391	the	_	_	_	_	12390	_	_	start_char=70271|end_char=70274
12392	path	_	_	_	_	12391	_	_	start_char=70275|end_char=70279
12393	of	_	_	_	_	12392	_	_	start_char=70280|end_char=70282
12394	knowledge	_	_	_	_	12393	_	_	start_char=70283|end_char=70292
12395	and	_	_	_	_	12394	_	_	start_char=70293|end_char=70296
12396	made	_	_	_	_	12395	_	_	start_char=70297|end_char=70301
12397	the	_	_	_	_	12396	_	_	start_char=70302|end_char=70305
12398	most	_	_	_	_	12397	_	_	start_char=70306|end_char=70310
12399	abstruse	_	_	_	_	12398	_	_	start_char=70311|end_char=70319
12400	inquiries	_	_	_	_	12399	_	_	start_char=70320|end_char=70329
12401	clear	_	_	_	_	12400	_	_	start_char=70330|end_char=70335
12402	and	_	_	_	_	12401	_	_	start_char=70336|end_char=70339
12403	facile	_	_	_	_	12402	_	_	start_char=70340|end_char=70346
12404	to	_	_	_	_	12403	_	_	start_char=70347|end_char=70349
12405	my	_	_	_	_	12404	_	_	start_char=70350|end_char=70352
12406	apprehension.	_	_	_	_	12405	_	_	start_char=70353|end_char=70366
12407	My	_	_	_	_	12406	_	_	start_char=70367|end_char=70369
12408	application	_	_	_	_	12407	_	_	start_char=70370|end_char=70381
12409	was	_	_	_	_	12408	_	_	start_char=70382|end_char=70385
12410	at	_	_	_	_	12409	_	_	start_char=70386|end_char=70388
12411	first	_	_	_	_	12410	_	_	start_char=70389|end_char=70394
12412	fluctuating	_	_	_	_	12411	_	_	start_char=70395|end_char=70406
12413	and	_	_	_	_	12412	_	_	start_char=70407|end_char=70410
12414	uncertain;	_	_	_	_	12413	_	_	start_char=70411|end_char=70421
12415	it	_	_	_	_	12414	_	_	start_char=70422|end_char=70424
12416	gained	_	_	_	_	12415	_	_	start_char=70425|end_char=70431
12417	strength	_	_	_	_	12416	_	_	start_char=70432|end_char=70440
12418	as	_	_	_	_	12417	_	_	start_char=70441|end_char=70443
12419	I	_	_	_	_	12418	_	_	start_char=70444|end_char=70445
12420	proceeded	_	_	_	_	12419	_	_	start_char=70446|end_char=70455
12421	and	_	_	_	_	12420	_	_	start_char=70456|end_char=70459
12422	soon	_	_	_	_	12421	_	_	start_char=70460|end_char=70464
12423	became	_	_	_	_	12422	_	_	start_char=70465|end_char=70471
12424	so	_	_	_	_	12423	_	_	start_char=70472|end_char=70474
12425	ardent	_	_	_	_	12424	_	_	start_char=70475|end_char=70481
12426	and	_	_	_	_	12425	_	_	start_char=70482|end_char=70485
12427	eager	_	_	_	_	12426	_	_	start_char=70486|end_char=70491
12428	that	_	_	_	_	12427	_	_	start_char=70492|end_char=70496
12429	the	_	_	_	_	12428	_	_	start_char=70497|end_char=70500
12430	stars	_	_	_	_	12429	_	_	start_char=70501|end_char=70506
12431	often	_	_	_	_	12430	_	_	start_char=70507|end_char=70512
12432	disappeared	_	_	_	_	12431	_	_	start_char=70513|end_char=70524
12433	in	_	_	_	_	12432	_	_	start_char=70525|end_char=70527
12434	the	_	_	_	_	12433	_	_	start_char=70528|end_char=70531
12435	light	_	_	_	_	12434	_	_	start_char=70532|end_char=70537
12436	of	_	_	_	_	12435	_	_	start_char=70538|end_char=70540
12437	morning	_	_	_	_	12436	_	_	start_char=70541|end_char=70548
12438	whilst	_	_	_	_	12437	_	_	start_char=70549|end_char=70555
12439	I	_	_	_	_	12438	_	_	start_char=70556|end_char=70557
12440	was	_	_	_	_	12439	_	_	start_char=70558|end_char=70561
12441	yet	_	_	_	_	12440	_	_	start_char=70562|end_char=70565
12442	engaged	_	_	_	_	12441	_	_	start_char=70566|end_char=70573
12443	in	_	_	_	_	12442	_	_	start_char=70574|end_char=70576
12444	my	_	_	_	_	12443	_	_	start_char=70577|end_char=70579
12445	laboratory.	_	_	_	_	12444	_	_	start_char=70580|end_char=70591
12446	As	_	_	_	_	12445	_	_	start_char=70592|end_char=70594
12447	I	_	_	_	_	12446	_	_	start_char=70595|end_char=70596
12448	applied	_	_	_	_	12447	_	_	start_char=70597|end_char=70604
12449	so	_	_	_	_	12448	_	_	start_char=70605|end_char=70607
12450	closely,	_	_	_	_	12449	_	_	start_char=70608|end_char=70616
12451	it	_	_	_	_	12450	_	_	start_char=70617|end_char=70619
12452	may	_	_	_	_	12451	_	_	start_char=70620|end_char=70623
12453	be	_	_	_	_	12452	_	_	start_char=70624|end_char=70626
12454	easily	_	_	_	_	12453	_	_	start_char=70627|end_char=70633
12455	conceived	_	_	_	_	12454	_	_	start_char=70634|end_char=70643
12456	that	_	_	_	_	12455	_	_	start_char=70644|end_char=70648
12457	my	_	_	_	_	12456	_	_	start_char=70649|end_char=70651
12458	progress	_	_	_	_	12457	_	_	start_char=70652|end_char=70660
12459	was	_	_	_	_	12458	_	_	start_char=70661|end_char=70664
12460	rapid.	_	_	_	_	12459	_	_	start_char=70665|end_char=70671
12461	My	_	_	_	_	12460	_	_	start_char=70672|end_char=70674
12462	ardour	_	_	_	_	12461	_	_	start_char=70675|end_char=70681
12463	was	_	_	_	_	12462	_	_	start_char=70682|end_char=70685
12464	indeed	_	_	_	_	12463	_	_	start_char=70686|end_char=70692
12465	the	_	_	_	_	12464	_	_	start_char=70693|end_char=70696
12466	astonishment	_	_	_	_	12465	_	_	start_char=70697|end_char=70709
12467	of	_	_	_	_	12466	_	_	start_char=70710|end_char=70712
12468	the	_	_	_	_	12467	_	_	start_char=70713|end_char=70716
12469	students,	_	_	_	_	12468	_	_	start_char=70717|end_char=70726
12470	and	_	_	_	_	12469	_	_	start_char=70727|end_char=70730
12471	my	_	_	_	_	12470	_	_	start_char=70731|end_char=70733
12472	proficiency	_	_	_	_	12471	_	_	start_char=70734|end_char=70745
12473	that	_	_	_	_	12472	_	_	start_char=70746|end_char=70750
12474	of	_	_	_	_	12473	_	_	start_char=70751|end_char=70753
12475	the	_	_	_	_	12474	_	_	start_char=70754|end_char=70757
12476	masters.	_	_	_	_	12475	_	_	start_char=70758|end_char=70766
12477	Professor	_	_	_	_	12476	_	_	start_char=70767|end_char=70776
12478	Krempe	_	_	_	_	12477	_	_	start_char=70777|end_char=70783
12479	often	_	_	_	_	12478	_	_	start_char=70784|end_char=70789
12480	asked	_	_	_	_	12479	_	_	start_char=70790|end_char=70795
12481	me,	_	_	_	_	12480	_	_	start_char=70796|end_char=70799
12482	with	_	_	_	_	12481	_	_	start_char=70800|end_char=70804
12483	a	_	_	_	_	12482	_	_	start_char=70805|end_char=70806
12484	sly	_	_	_	_	12483	_	_	start_char=70807|end_char=70810
12485	smile,	_	_	_	_	12484	_	_	start_char=70811|end_char=70817
12486	how	_	_	_	_	12485	_	_	start_char=70818|end_char=70821
12487	Cornelius	_	_	_	_	12486	_	_	start_char=70822|end_char=70831
12488	Agrippa	_	_	_	_	12487	_	_	start_char=70832|end_char=70839
12489	went	_	_	_	_	12488	_	_	start_char=70840|end_char=70844
12490	on,	_	_	_	_	12489	_	_	start_char=70845|end_char=70848
12491	whilst	_	_	_	_	12490	_	_	start_char=70849|end_char=70855
12492	M.	_	_	_	_	12491	_	_	start_char=70856|end_char=70858
12493	Waldman	_	_	_	_	12492	_	_	start_char=70859|end_char=70866
12494	expressed	_	_	_	_	12493	_	_	start_char=70867|end_char=70876
12495	the	_	_	_	_	12494	_	_	start_char=70877|end_char=70880
12496	most	_	_	_	_	12495	_	_	start_char=70881|end_char=70885
12497	heartfelt	_	_	_	_	12496	_	_	start_char=70886|end_char=70895
12498	exultation	_	_	_	_	12497	_	_	start_char=70896|end_char=70906
12499	in	_	_	_	_	12498	_	_	start_char=70907|end_char=70909
12500	my	_	_	_	_	12499	_	_	start_char=70910|end_char=70912
12501	progress.	_	_	_	_	12500	_	_	start_char=70913|end_char=70922
12502	Two	_	_	_	_	12501	_	_	start_char=70923|end_char=70926
12503	years	_	_	_	_	12502	_	_	start_char=70927|end_char=70932
12504	passed	_	_	_	_	12503	_	_	start_char=70933|end_char=70939
12505	in	_	_	_	_	12504	_	_	start_char=70940|end_char=70942
12506	this	_	_	_	_	12505	_	_	start_char=70943|end_char=70947
12507	manner,	_	_	_	_	12506	_	_	start_char=70948|end_char=70955
12508	during	_	_	_	_	12507	_	_	start_char=70956|end_char=70962
12509	which	_	_	_	_	12508	_	_	start_char=70963|end_char=70968
12510	I	_	_	_	_	12509	_	_	start_char=70969|end_char=70970
12511	paid	_	_	_	_	12510	_	_	start_char=70971|end_char=70975
12512	no	_	_	_	_	12511	_	_	start_char=70976|end_char=70978
12513	visit	_	_	_	_	12512	_	_	start_char=70979|end_char=70984
12514	to	_	_	_	_	12513	_	_	start_char=70985|end_char=70987
12515	Geneva,	_	_	_	_	12514	_	_	start_char=70988|end_char=70995
12516	but	_	_	_	_	12515	_	_	start_char=70996|end_char=70999
12517	was	_	_	_	_	12516	_	_	start_char=71000|end_char=71003
12518	engaged,	_	_	_	_	12517	_	_	start_char=71004|end_char=71012
12519	heart	_	_	_	_	12518	_	_	start_char=71013|end_char=71018
12520	and	_	_	_	_	12519	_	_	start_char=71019|end_char=71022
12521	soul,	_	_	_	_	12520	_	_	start_char=71023|end_char=71028
12522	in	_	_	_	_	12521	_	_	start_char=71029|end_char=71031
12523	the	_	_	_	_	12522	_	_	start_char=71032|end_char=71035
12524	pursuit	_	_	_	_	12523	_	_	start_char=71036|end_char=71043
12525	of	_	_	_	_	12524	_	_	start_char=71044|end_char=71046
12526	some	_	_	_	_	12525	_	_	start_char=71047|end_char=71051
12527	discoveries	_	_	_	_	12526	_	_	start_char=71052|end_char=71063
12528	which	_	_	_	_	12527	_	_	start_char=71064|end_char=71069
12529	I	_	_	_	_	12528	_	_	start_char=71070|end_char=71071
12530	hoped	_	_	_	_	12529	_	_	start_char=71072|end_char=71077
12531	to	_	_	_	_	12530	_	_	start_char=71078|end_char=71080
12532	make.	_	_	_	_	12531	_	_	start_char=71081|end_char=71086
12533	None	_	_	_	_	12532	_	_	start_char=71087|end_char=71091
12534	but	_	_	_	_	12533	_	_	start_char=71092|end_char=71095
12535	those	_	_	_	_	12534	_	_	start_char=71096|end_char=71101
12536	who	_	_	_	_	12535	_	_	start_char=71102|end_char=71105
12537	have	_	_	_	_	12536	_	_	start_char=71106|end_char=71110
12538	experienced	_	_	_	_	12537	_	_	start_char=71111|end_char=71122
12539	them	_	_	_	_	12538	_	_	start_char=71123|end_char=71127
12540	can	_	_	_	_	12539	_	_	start_char=71128|end_char=71131
12541	conceive	_	_	_	_	12540	_	_	start_char=71132|end_char=71140
12542	of	_	_	_	_	12541	_	_	start_char=71141|end_char=71143
12543	the	_	_	_	_	12542	_	_	start_char=71144|end_char=71147
12544	enticements	_	_	_	_	12543	_	_	start_char=71148|end_char=71159
12545	of	_	_	_	_	12544	_	_	start_char=71160|end_char=71162
12546	science.	_	_	_	_	12545	_	_	start_char=71163|end_char=71171
12547	In	_	_	_	_	12546	_	_	start_char=71172|end_char=71174
12548	other	_	_	_	_	12547	_	_	start_char=71175|end_char=71180
12549	studies	_	_	_	_	12548	_	_	start_char=71181|end_char=71188
12550	you	_	_	_	_	12549	_	_	start_char=71189|end_char=71192
12551	go	_	_	_	_	12550	_	_	start_char=71193|end_char=71195
12552	as	_	_	_	_	12551	_	_	start_char=71196|end_char=71198
12553	far	_	_	_	_	12552	_	_	start_char=71199|end_char=71202
12554	as	_	_	_	_	12553	_	_	start_char=71203|end_char=71205
12555	others	_	_	_	_	12554	_	_	start_char=71206|end_char=71212
12556	have	_	_	_	_	12555	_	_	start_char=71213|end_char=71217
12557	gone	_	_	_	_	12556	_	_	start_char=71218|end_char=71222
12558	before	_	_	_	_	12557	_	_	start_char=71223|end_char=71229
12559	you,	_	_	_	_	12558	_	_	start_char=71230|end_char=71234
12560	and	_	_	_	_	12559	_	_	start_char=71235|end_char=71238
12561	there	_	_	_	_	12560	_	_	start_char=71239|end_char=71244
12562	is	_	_	_	_	12561	_	_	start_char=71245|end_char=71247
12563	nothing	_	_	_	_	12562	_	_	start_char=71248|end_char=71255
12564	more	_	_	_	_	12563	_	_	start_char=71256|end_char=71260
12565	to	_	_	_	_	12564	_	_	start_char=71261|end_char=71263
12566	know;	_	_	_	_	12565	_	_	start_char=71264|end_char=71269
12567	but	_	_	_	_	12566	_	_	start_char=71270|end_char=71273
12568	in	_	_	_	_	12567	_	_	start_char=71274|end_char=71276
12569	a	_	_	_	_	12568	_	_	start_char=71277|end_char=71278
12570	scientific	_	_	_	_	12569	_	_	start_char=71279|end_char=71289
12571	pursuit	_	_	_	_	12570	_	_	start_char=71290|end_char=71297
12572	there	_	_	_	_	12571	_	_	start_char=71298|end_char=71303
12573	is	_	_	_	_	12572	_	_	start_char=71304|end_char=71306
12574	continual	_	_	_	_	12573	_	_	start_char=71307|end_char=71316
12575	food	_	_	_	_	12574	_	_	start_char=71317|end_char=71321
12576	for	_	_	_	_	12575	_	_	start_char=71322|end_char=71325
12577	discovery	_	_	_	_	12576	_	_	start_char=71326|end_char=71335
12578	and	_	_	_	_	12577	_	_	start_char=71336|end_char=71339
12579	wonder.	_	_	_	_	12578	_	_	start_char=71340|end_char=71347
12580	A	_	_	_	_	12579	_	_	start_char=71348|end_char=71349
12581	mind	_	_	_	_	12580	_	_	start_char=71350|end_char=71354
12582	of	_	_	_	_	12581	_	_	start_char=71355|end_char=71357
12583	moderate	_	_	_	_	12582	_	_	start_char=71358|end_char=71366
12584	capacity	_	_	_	_	12583	_	_	start_char=71367|end_char=71375
12585	which	_	_	_	_	12584	_	_	start_char=71376|end_char=71381
12586	closely	_	_	_	_	12585	_	_	start_char=71382|end_char=71389
12587	pursues	_	_	_	_	12586	_	_	start_char=71390|end_char=71397
12588	one	_	_	_	_	12587	_	_	start_char=71398|end_char=71401
12589	study	_	_	_	_	12588	_	_	start_char=71402|end_char=71407
12590	must	_	_	_	_	12589	_	_	start_char=71408|end_char=71412
12591	infallibly	_	_	_	_	12590	_	_	start_char=71413|end_char=71423
12592	arrive	_	_	_	_	12591	_	_	start_char=71424|end_char=71430
12593	at	_	_	_	_	12592	_	_	start_char=71431|end_char=71433
12594	great	_	_	_	_	12593	_	_	start_char=71434|end_char=71439
12595	proficiency	_	_	_	_	12594	_	_	start_char=71440|end_char=71451
12596	in	_	_	_	_	12595	_	_	start_char=71452|end_char=71454
12597	that	_	_	_	_	12596	_	_	start_char=71455|end_char=71459
12598	study;	_	_	_	_	12597	_	_	start_char=71460|end_char=71466
12599	and	_	_	_	_	12598	_	_	start_char=71467|end_char=71470
12600	I,	_	_	_	_	12599	_	_	start_char=71471|end_char=71473
12601	who	_	_	_	_	12600	_	_	start_char=71474|end_char=71477
12602	continually	_	_	_	_	12601	_	_	start_char=71478|end_char=71489
12603	sought	_	_	_	_	12602	_	_	start_char=71490|end_char=71496
12604	the	_	_	_	_	12603	_	_	start_char=71497|end_char=71500
12605	attainment	_	_	_	_	12604	_	_	start_char=71501|end_char=71511
12606	of	_	_	_	_	12605	_	_	start_char=71512|end_char=71514
12607	one	_	_	_	_	12606	_	_	start_char=71515|end_char=71518
12608	object	_	_	_	_	12607	_	_	start_char=71519|end_char=71525
12609	of	_	_	_	_	12608	_	_	start_char=71526|end_char=71528
12610	pursuit	_	_	_	_	12609	_	_	start_char=71529|end_char=71536
12611	and	_	_	_	_	12610	_	_	start_char=71537|end_char=71540
12612	was	_	_	_	_	12611	_	_	start_char=71541|end_char=71544
12613	solely	_	_	_	_	12612	_	_	start_char=71545|end_char=71551
12614	wrapped	_	_	_	_	12613	_	_	start_char=71552|end_char=71559
12615	up	_	_	_	_	12614	_	_	start_char=71560|end_char=71562
12616	in	_	_	_	_	12615	_	_	start_char=71563|end_char=71565
12617	this,	_	_	_	_	12616	_	_	start_char=71566|end_char=71571
12618	improved	_	_	_	_	12617	_	_	start_char=71572|end_char=71580
12619	so	_	_	_	_	12618	_	_	start_char=71581|end_char=71583
12620	rapidly	_	_	_	_	12619	_	_	start_char=71584|end_char=71591
12621	that	_	_	_	_	12620	_	_	start_char=71592|end_char=71596
12622	at	_	_	_	_	12621	_	_	start_char=71597|end_char=71599
12623	the	_	_	_	_	12622	_	_	start_char=71600|end_char=71603
12624	end	_	_	_	_	12623	_	_	start_char=71604|end_char=71607
12625	of	_	_	_	_	12624	_	_	start_char=71608|end_char=71610
12626	two	_	_	_	_	12625	_	_	start_char=71611|end_char=71614
12627	years	_	_	_	_	12626	_	_	start_char=71615|end_char=71620
12628	I	_	_	_	_	12627	_	_	start_char=71621|end_char=71622
12629	made	_	_	_	_	12628	_	_	start_char=71623|end_char=71627
12630	some	_	_	_	_	12629	_	_	start_char=71628|end_char=71632
12631	discoveries	_	_	_	_	12630	_	_	start_char=71633|end_char=71644
12632	in	_	_	_	_	12631	_	_	start_char=71645|end_char=71647
12633	the	_	_	_	_	12632	_	_	start_char=71648|end_char=71651
12634	improvement	_	_	_	_	12633	_	_	start_char=71652|end_char=71663
12635	of	_	_	_	_	12634	_	_	start_char=71664|end_char=71666
12636	some	_	_	_	_	12635	_	_	start_char=71667|end_char=71671
12637	chemical	_	_	_	_	12636	_	_	start_char=71672|end_char=71680
12638	instruments,	_	_	_	_	12637	_	_	start_char=71681|end_char=71693
12639	which	_	_	_	_	12638	_	_	start_char=71694|end_char=71699
12640	procured	_	_	_	_	12639	_	_	start_char=71700|end_char=71708
12641	me	_	_	_	_	12640	_	_	start_char=71709|end_char=71711
12642	great	_	_	_	_	12641	_	_	start_char=71712|end_char=71717
12643	esteem	_	_	_	_	12642	_	_	start_char=71718|end_char=71724
12644	and	_	_	_	_	12643	_	_	start_char=71725|end_char=71728
12645	admiration	_	_	_	_	12644	_	_	start_char=71729|end_char=71739
12646	at	_	_	_	_	12645	_	_	start_char=71740|end_char=71742
12647	the	_	_	_	_	12646	_	_	start_char=71743|end_char=71746
12648	university.	_	_	_	_	12647	_	_	start_char=71747|end_char=71758
12649	When	_	_	_	_	12648	_	_	start_char=71759|end_char=71763
12650	I	_	_	_	_	12649	_	_	start_char=71764|end_char=71765
12651	had	_	_	_	_	12650	_	_	start_char=71766|end_char=71769
12652	arrived	_	_	_	_	12651	_	_	start_char=71770|end_char=71777
12653	at	_	_	_	_	12652	_	_	start_char=71778|end_char=71780
12654	this	_	_	_	_	12653	_	_	start_char=71781|end_char=71785
12655	point	_	_	_	_	12654	_	_	start_char=71786|end_char=71791
12656	and	_	_	_	_	12655	_	_	start_char=71792|end_char=71795
12657	had	_	_	_	_	12656	_	_	start_char=71796|end_char=71799
12658	become	_	_	_	_	12657	_	_	start_char=71800|end_char=71806
12659	as	_	_	_	_	12658	_	_	start_char=71807|end_char=71809
12660	well	_	_	_	_	12659	_	_	start_char=71810|end_char=71814
12661	acquainted	_	_	_	_	12660	_	_	start_char=71815|end_char=71825
12662	with	_	_	_	_	12661	_	_	start_char=71826|end_char=71830
12663	the	_	_	_	_	12662	_	_	start_char=71831|end_char=71834
12664	theory	_	_	_	_	12663	_	_	start_char=71835|end_char=71841
12665	and	_	_	_	_	12664	_	_	start_char=71842|end_char=71845
12666	practice	_	_	_	_	12665	_	_	start_char=71846|end_char=71854
12667	of	_	_	_	_	12666	_	_	start_char=71855|end_char=71857
12668	natural	_	_	_	_	12667	_	_	start_char=71858|end_char=71865
12669	philosophy	_	_	_	_	12668	_	_	start_char=71866|end_char=71876
12670	as	_	_	_	_	12669	_	_	start_char=71877|end_char=71879
12671	depended	_	_	_	_	12670	_	_	start_char=71880|end_char=71888
12672	on	_	_	_	_	12671	_	_	start_char=71889|end_char=71891
12673	the	_	_	_	_	12672	_	_	start_char=71892|end_char=71895
12674	lessons	_	_	_	_	12673	_	_	start_char=71896|end_char=71903
12675	of	_	_	_	_	12674	_	_	start_char=71904|end_char=71906
12676	any	_	_	_	_	12675	_	_	start_char=71907|end_char=71910
12677	of	_	_	_	_	12676	_	_	start_char=71911|end_char=71913
12678	the	_	_	_	_	12677	_	_	start_char=71914|end_char=71917
12679	professors	_	_	_	_	12678	_	_	start_char=71918|end_char=71928
12680	at	_	_	_	_	12679	_	_	start_char=71929|end_char=71931
12681	Ingolstadt,	_	_	_	_	12680	_	_	start_char=71932|end_char=71943
12682	my	_	_	_	_	12681	_	_	start_char=71944|end_char=71946
12683	residence	_	_	_	_	12682	_	_	start_char=71947|end_char=71956
12684	there	_	_	_	_	12683	_	_	start_char=71957|end_char=71962
12685	being	_	_	_	_	12684	_	_	start_char=71963|end_char=71968
12686	no	_	_	_	_	12685	_	_	start_char=71969|end_char=71971
12687	longer	_	_	_	_	12686	_	_	start_char=71972|end_char=71978
12688	conducive	_	_	_	_	12687	_	_	start_char=71979|end_char=71988
12689	to	_	_	_	_	12688	_	_	start_char=71989|end_char=71991
12690	my	_	_	_	_	12689	_	_	start_char=71992|end_char=71994
12691	improvements,	_	_	_	_	12690	_	_	start_char=71995|end_char=72008
12692	I	_	_	_	_	12691	_	_	start_char=72009|end_char=72010
12693	thought	_	_	_	_	12692	_	_	start_char=72011|end_char=72018
12694	of	_	_	_	_	12693	_	_	start_char=72019|end_char=72021
12695	returning	_	_	_	_	12694	_	_	start_char=72022|end_char=72031
12696	to	_	_	_	_	12695	_	_	start_char=72032|end_char=72034
12697	my	_	_	_	_	12696	_	_	start_char=72035|end_char=72037
12698	friends	_	_	_	_	12697	_	_	start_char=72038|end_char=72045
12699	and	_	_	_	_	12698	_	_	start_char=72046|end_char=72049
12700	my	_	_	_	_	12699	_	_	start_char=72050|end_char=72052
12701	native	_	_	_	_	12700	_	_	start_char=72053|end_char=72059
12702	town,	_	_	_	_	12701	_	_	start_char=72060|end_char=72065
12703	when	_	_	_	_	12702	_	_	start_char=72066|end_char=72070
12704	an	_	_	_	_	12703	_	_	start_char=72071|end_char=72073
12705	incident	_	_	_	_	12704	_	_	start_char=72074|end_char=72082
12706	happened	_	_	_	_	12705	_	_	start_char=72083|end_char=72091
12707	that	_	_	_	_	12706	_	_	start_char=72092|end_char=72096
12708	protracted	_	_	_	_	12707	_	_	start_char=72097|end_char=72107
12709	my	_	_	_	_	12708	_	_	start_char=72108|end_char=72110
12710	stay.	_	_	_	_	12709	_	_	start_char=72111|end_char=72116
12711	One	_	_	_	_	12710	_	_	start_char=72117|end_char=72120
12712	of	_	_	_	_	12711	_	_	start_char=72121|end_char=72123
12713	the	_	_	_	_	12712	_	_	start_char=72124|end_char=72127
12714	phenomena	_	_	_	_	12713	_	_	start_char=72128|end_char=72137
12715	which	_	_	_	_	12714	_	_	start_char=72138|end_char=72143
12716	had	_	_	_	_	12715	_	_	start_char=72144|end_char=72147
12717	peculiarly	_	_	_	_	12716	_	_	start_char=72148|end_char=72158
12718	attracted	_	_	_	_	12717	_	_	start_char=72159|end_char=72168
12719	my	_	_	_	_	12718	_	_	start_char=72169|end_char=72171
12720	attention	_	_	_	_	12719	_	_	start_char=72172|end_char=72181
12721	was	_	_	_	_	12720	_	_	start_char=72182|end_char=72185
12722	the	_	_	_	_	12721	_	_	start_char=72186|end_char=72189
12723	structure	_	_	_	_	12722	_	_	start_char=72190|end_char=72199
12724	of	_	_	_	_	12723	_	_	start_char=72200|end_char=72202
12725	the	_	_	_	_	12724	_	_	start_char=72203|end_char=72206
12726	human	_	_	_	_	12725	_	_	start_char=72207|end_char=72212
12727	frame,	_	_	_	_	12726	_	_	start_char=72213|end_char=72219
12728	and,	_	_	_	_	12727	_	_	start_char=72220|end_char=72224
12729	indeed,	_	_	_	_	12728	_	_	start_char=72225|end_char=72232
12730	any	_	_	_	_	12729	_	_	start_char=72233|end_char=72236
12731	animal	_	_	_	_	12730	_	_	start_char=72237|end_char=72243
12732	endued	_	_	_	_	12731	_	_	start_char=72244|end_char=72250
12733	with	_	_	_	_	12732	_	_	start_char=72251|end_char=72255
12734	life.	_	_	_	_	12733	_	_	start_char=72256|end_char=72261
12735	Whence,	_	_	_	_	12734	_	_	start_char=72262|end_char=72269
12736	I	_	_	_	_	12735	_	_	start_char=72270|end_char=72271
12737	often	_	_	_	_	12736	_	_	start_char=72272|end_char=72277
12738	asked	_	_	_	_	12737	_	_	start_char=72278|end_char=72283
12739	myself,	_	_	_	_	12738	_	_	start_char=72284|end_char=72291
12740	did	_	_	_	_	12739	_	_	start_char=72292|end_char=72295
12741	the	_	_	_	_	12740	_	_	start_char=72296|end_char=72299
12742	principle	_	_	_	_	12741	_	_	start_char=72300|end_char=72309
12743	of	_	_	_	_	12742	_	_	start_char=72310|end_char=72312
12744	life	_	_	_	_	12743	_	_	start_char=72313|end_char=72317
12745	proceed?	_	_	_	_	12744	_	_	start_char=72318|end_char=72326
12746	It	_	_	_	_	12745	_	_	start_char=72327|end_char=72329
12747	was	_	_	_	_	12746	_	_	start_char=72330|end_char=72333
12748	a	_	_	_	_	12747	_	_	start_char=72334|end_char=72335
12749	bold	_	_	_	_	12748	_	_	start_char=72336|end_char=72340
12750	question,	_	_	_	_	12749	_	_	start_char=72341|end_char=72350
12751	and	_	_	_	_	12750	_	_	start_char=72351|end_char=72354
12752	one	_	_	_	_	12751	_	_	start_char=72355|end_char=72358
12753	which	_	_	_	_	12752	_	_	start_char=72359|end_char=72364
12754	has	_	_	_	_	12753	_	_	start_char=72365|end_char=72368
12755	ever	_	_	_	_	12754	_	_	start_char=72369|end_char=72373
12756	been	_	_	_	_	12755	_	_	start_char=72374|end_char=72378
12757	considered	_	_	_	_	12756	_	_	start_char=72379|end_char=72389
12758	as	_	_	_	_	12757	_	_	start_char=72390|end_char=72392
12759	a	_	_	_	_	12758	_	_	start_char=72393|end_char=72394
12760	mystery;	_	_	_	_	12759	_	_	start_char=72395|end_char=72403
12761	yet	_	_	_	_	12760	_	_	start_char=72404|end_char=72407
12762	with	_	_	_	_	12761	_	_	start_char=72408|end_char=72412
12763	how	_	_	_	_	12762	_	_	start_char=72413|end_char=72416
12764	many	_	_	_	_	12763	_	_	start_char=72417|end_char=72421
12765	things	_	_	_	_	12764	_	_	start_char=72422|end_char=72428
12766	are	_	_	_	_	12765	_	_	start_char=72429|end_char=72432
12767	we	_	_	_	_	12766	_	_	start_char=72433|end_char=72435
12768	upon	_	_	_	_	12767	_	_	start_char=72436|end_char=72440
12769	the	_	_	_	_	12768	_	_	start_char=72441|end_char=72444
12770	brink	_	_	_	_	12769	_	_	start_char=72445|end_char=72450
12771	of	_	_	_	_	12770	_	_	start_char=72451|end_char=72453
12772	becoming	_	_	_	_	12771	_	_	start_char=72454|end_char=72462
12773	acquainted,	_	_	_	_	12772	_	_	start_char=72463|end_char=72474
12774	if	_	_	_	_	12773	_	_	start_char=72475|end_char=72477
12775	cowardice	_	_	_	_	12774	_	_	start_char=72478|end_char=72487
12776	or	_	_	_	_	12775	_	_	start_char=72488|end_char=72490
12777	carelessness	_	_	_	_	12776	_	_	start_char=72491|end_char=72503
12778	did	_	_	_	_	12777	_	_	start_char=72504|end_char=72507
12779	not	_	_	_	_	12778	_	_	start_char=72508|end_char=72511
12780	restrain	_	_	_	_	12779	_	_	start_char=72512|end_char=72520
12781	our	_	_	_	_	12780	_	_	start_char=72521|end_char=72524
12782	inquiries.	_	_	_	_	12781	_	_	start_char=72525|end_char=72535
12783	I	_	_	_	_	12782	_	_	start_char=72536|end_char=72537
12784	revolved	_	_	_	_	12783	_	_	start_char=72538|end_char=72546
12785	these	_	_	_	_	12784	_	_	start_char=72547|end_char=72552
12786	circumstances	_	_	_	_	12785	_	_	start_char=72553|end_char=72566
12787	in	_	_	_	_	12786	_	_	start_char=72567|end_char=72569
12788	my	_	_	_	_	12787	_	_	start_char=72570|end_char=72572
12789	mind	_	_	_	_	12788	_	_	start_char=72573|end_char=72577
12790	and	_	_	_	_	12789	_	_	start_char=72578|end_char=72581
12791	determined	_	_	_	_	12790	_	_	start_char=72582|end_char=72592
12792	thenceforth	_	_	_	_	12791	_	_	start_char=72593|end_char=72604
12793	to	_	_	_	_	12792	_	_	start_char=72605|end_char=72607
12794	apply	_	_	_	_	12793	_	_	start_char=72608|end_char=72613
12795	myself	_	_	_	_	12794	_	_	start_char=72614|end_char=72620
12796	more	_	_	_	_	12795	_	_	start_char=72621|end_char=72625
12797	particularly	_	_	_	_	12796	_	_	start_char=72626|end_char=72638
12798	to	_	_	_	_	12797	_	_	start_char=72639|end_char=72641
12799	those	_	_	_	_	12798	_	_	start_char=72642|end_char=72647
12800	branches	_	_	_	_	12799	_	_	start_char=72648|end_char=72656
12801	of	_	_	_	_	12800	_	_	start_char=72657|end_char=72659
12802	natural	_	_	_	_	12801	_	_	start_char=72660|end_char=72667
12803	philosophy	_	_	_	_	12802	_	_	start_char=72668|end_char=72678
12804	which	_	_	_	_	12803	_	_	start_char=72679|end_char=72684
12805	relate	_	_	_	_	12804	_	_	start_char=72685|end_char=72691
12806	to	_	_	_	_	12805	_	_	start_char=72692|end_char=72694
12807	physiology.	_	_	_	_	12806	_	_	start_char=72695|end_char=72706
12808	Unless	_	_	_	_	12807	_	_	start_char=72707|end_char=72713
12809	I	_	_	_	_	12808	_	_	start_char=72714|end_char=72715
12810	had	_	_	_	_	12809	_	_	start_char=72716|end_char=72719
12811	been	_	_	_	_	12810	_	_	start_char=72720|end_char=72724
12812	animated	_	_	_	_	12811	_	_	start_char=72725|end_char=72733
12813	by	_	_	_	_	12812	_	_	start_char=72734|end_char=72736
12814	an	_	_	_	_	12813	_	_	start_char=72737|end_char=72739
12815	almost	_	_	_	_	12814	_	_	start_char=72740|end_char=72746
12816	supernatural	_	_	_	_	12815	_	_	start_char=72747|end_char=72759
12817	enthusiasm,	_	_	_	_	12816	_	_	start_char=72760|end_char=72771
12818	my	_	_	_	_	12817	_	_	start_char=72772|end_char=72774
12819	application	_	_	_	_	12818	_	_	start_char=72775|end_char=72786
12820	to	_	_	_	_	12819	_	_	start_char=72787|end_char=72789
12821	this	_	_	_	_	12820	_	_	start_char=72790|end_char=72794
12822	study	_	_	_	_	12821	_	_	start_char=72795|end_char=72800
12823	would	_	_	_	_	12822	_	_	start_char=72801|end_char=72806
12824	have	_	_	_	_	12823	_	_	start_char=72807|end_char=72811
12825	been	_	_	_	_	12824	_	_	start_char=72812|end_char=72816
12826	irksome	_	_	_	_	12825	_	_	start_char=72817|end_char=72824
12827	and	_	_	_	_	12826	_	_	start_char=72825|end_char=72828
12828	almost	_	_	_	_	12827	_	_	start_char=72829|end_char=72835
12829	intolerable.	_	_	_	_	12828	_	_	start_char=72836|end_char=72848
12830	To	_	_	_	_	12829	_	_	start_char=72849|end_char=72851
12831	examine	_	_	_	_	12830	_	_	start_char=72852|end_char=72859
12832	the	_	_	_	_	12831	_	_	start_char=72860|end_char=72863
12833	causes	_	_	_	_	12832	_	_	start_char=72864|end_char=72870
12834	of	_	_	_	_	12833	_	_	start_char=72871|end_char=72873
12835	life,	_	_	_	_	12834	_	_	start_char=72874|end_char=72879
12836	we	_	_	_	_	12835	_	_	start_char=72880|end_char=72882
12837	must	_	_	_	_	12836	_	_	start_char=72883|end_char=72887
12838	first	_	_	_	_	12837	_	_	start_char=72888|end_char=72893
12839	have	_	_	_	_	12838	_	_	start_char=72894|end_char=72898
12840	recourse	_	_	_	_	12839	_	_	start_char=72899|end_char=72907
12841	to	_	_	_	_	12840	_	_	start_char=72908|end_char=72910
12842	death.	_	_	_	_	12841	_	_	start_char=72911|end_char=72917
12843	I	_	_	_	_	12842	_	_	start_char=72918|end_char=72919
12844	became	_	_	_	_	12843	_	_	start_char=72920|end_char=72926
12845	acquainted	_	_	_	_	12844	_	_	start_char=72927|end_char=72937
12846	with	_	_	_	_	12845	_	_	start_char=72938|end_char=72942
12847	the	_	_	_	_	12846	_	_	start_char=72943|end_char=72946
12848	science	_	_	_	_	12847	_	_	start_char=72947|end_char=72954
12849	of	_	_	_	_	12848	_	_	start_char=72955|end_char=72957
12850	anatomy,	_	_	_	_	12849	_	_	start_char=72958|end_char=72966
12851	but	_	_	_	_	12850	_	_	start_char=72967|end_char=72970
12852	this	_	_	_	_	12851	_	_	start_char=72971|end_char=72975
12853	was	_	_	_	_	12852	_	_	start_char=72976|end_char=72979
12854	not	_	_	_	_	12853	_	_	start_char=72980|end_char=72983
12855	sufficient;	_	_	_	_	12854	_	_	start_char=72984|end_char=72995
12856	I	_	_	_	_	12855	_	_	start_char=72996|end_char=72997
12857	must	_	_	_	_	12856	_	_	start_char=72998|end_char=73002
12858	also	_	_	_	_	12857	_	_	start_char=73003|end_char=73007
12859	observe	_	_	_	_	12858	_	_	start_char=73008|end_char=73015
12860	the	_	_	_	_	12859	_	_	start_char=73016|end_char=73019
12861	natural	_	_	_	_	12860	_	_	start_char=73020|end_char=73027
12862	decay	_	_	_	_	12861	_	_	start_char=73028|end_char=73033
12863	and	_	_	_	_	12862	_	_	start_char=73034|end_char=73037
12864	corruption	_	_	_	_	12863	_	_	start_char=73038|end_char=73048
12865	of	_	_	_	_	12864	_	_	start_char=73049|end_char=73051
12866	the	_	_	_	_	12865	_	_	start_char=73052|end_char=73055
12867	human	_	_	_	_	12866	_	_	start_char=73056|end_char=73061
12868	body.	_	_	_	_	12867	_	_	start_char=73062|end_char=73067
12869	In	_	_	_	_	12868	_	_	start_char=73068|end_char=73070
12870	my	_	_	_	_	12869	_	_	start_char=73071|end_char=73073
12871	education	_	_	_	_	12870	_	_	start_char=73074|end_char=73083
12872	my	_	_	_	_	12871	_	_	start_char=73084|end_char=73086
12873	father	_	_	_	_	12872	_	_	start_char=73087|end_char=73093
12874	had	_	_	_	_	12873	_	_	start_char=73094|end_char=73097
12875	taken	_	_	_	_	12874	_	_	start_char=73098|end_char=73103
12876	the	_	_	_	_	12875	_	_	start_char=73104|end_char=73107
12877	greatest	_	_	_	_	12876	_	_	start_char=73108|end_char=73116
12878	precautions	_	_	_	_	12877	_	_	start_char=73117|end_char=73128
12879	that	_	_	_	_	12878	_	_	start_char=73129|end_char=73133
12880	my	_	_	_	_	12879	_	_	start_char=73134|end_char=73136
12881	mind	_	_	_	_	12880	_	_	start_char=73137|end_char=73141
12882	should	_	_	_	_	12881	_	_	start_char=73142|end_char=73148
12883	be	_	_	_	_	12882	_	_	start_char=73149|end_char=73151
12884	impressed	_	_	_	_	12883	_	_	start_char=73152|end_char=73161
12885	with	_	_	_	_	12884	_	_	start_char=73162|end_char=73166
12886	no	_	_	_	_	12885	_	_	start_char=73167|end_char=73169
12887	supernatural	_	_	_	_	12886	_	_	start_char=73170|end_char=73182
12888	horrors.	_	_	_	_	12887	_	_	start_char=73183|end_char=73191
12889	I	_	_	_	_	12888	_	_	start_char=73192|end_char=73193
12890	do	_	_	_	_	12889	_	_	start_char=73194|end_char=73196
12891	not	_	_	_	_	12890	_	_	start_char=73197|end_char=73200
12892	ever	_	_	_	_	12891	_	_	start_char=73201|end_char=73205
12893	remember	_	_	_	_	12892	_	_	start_char=73206|end_char=73214
12894	to	_	_	_	_	12893	_	_	start_char=73215|end_char=73217
12895	have	_	_	_	_	12894	_	_	start_char=73218|end_char=73222
12896	trembled	_	_	_	_	12895	_	_	start_char=73223|end_char=73231
12897	at	_	_	_	_	12896	_	_	start_char=73232|end_char=73234
12898	a	_	_	_	_	12897	_	_	start_char=73235|end_char=73236
12899	tale	_	_	_	_	12898	_	_	start_char=73237|end_char=73241
12900	of	_	_	_	_	12899	_	_	start_char=73242|end_char=73244
12901	superstition	_	_	_	_	12900	_	_	start_char=73245|end_char=73257
12902	or	_	_	_	_	12901	_	_	start_char=73258|end_char=73260
12903	to	_	_	_	_	12902	_	_	start_char=73261|end_char=73263
12904	have	_	_	_	_	12903	_	_	start_char=73264|end_char=73268
12905	feared	_	_	_	_	12904	_	_	start_char=73269|end_char=73275
12906	the	_	_	_	_	12905	_	_	start_char=73276|end_char=73279
12907	apparition	_	_	_	_	12906	_	_	start_char=73280|end_char=73290
12908	of	_	_	_	_	12907	_	_	start_char=73291|end_char=73293
12909	a	_	_	_	_	12908	_	_	start_char=73294|end_char=73295
12910	spirit.	_	_	_	_	12909	_	_	start_char=73296|end_char=73303
12911	Darkness	_	_	_	_	12910	_	_	start_char=73304|end_char=73312
12912	had	_	_	_	_	12911	_	_	start_char=73313|end_char=73316
12913	no	_	_	_	_	12912	_	_	start_char=73317|end_char=73319
12914	effect	_	_	_	_	12913	_	_	start_char=73320|end_char=73326
12915	upon	_	_	_	_	12914	_	_	start_char=73327|end_char=73331
12916	my	_	_	_	_	12915	_	_	start_char=73332|end_char=73334
12917	fancy,	_	_	_	_	12916	_	_	start_char=73335|end_char=73341
12918	and	_	_	_	_	12917	_	_	start_char=73342|end_char=73345
12919	a	_	_	_	_	12918	_	_	start_char=73346|end_char=73347
12920	churchyard	_	_	_	_	12919	_	_	start_char=73348|end_char=73358
12921	was	_	_	_	_	12920	_	_	start_char=73359|end_char=73362
12922	to	_	_	_	_	12921	_	_	start_char=73363|end_char=73365
12923	me	_	_	_	_	12922	_	_	start_char=73366|end_char=73368
12924	merely	_	_	_	_	12923	_	_	start_char=73369|end_char=73375
12925	the	_	_	_	_	12924	_	_	start_char=73376|end_char=73379
12926	receptacle	_	_	_	_	12925	_	_	start_char=73380|end_char=73390
12927	of	_	_	_	_	12926	_	_	start_char=73391|end_char=73393
12928	bodies	_	_	_	_	12927	_	_	start_char=73394|end_char=73400
12929	deprived	_	_	_	_	12928	_	_	start_char=73401|end_char=73409
12930	of	_	_	_	_	12929	_	_	start_char=73410|end_char=73412
12931	life,	_	_	_	_	12930	_	_	start_char=73413|end_char=73418
12932	which,	_	_	_	_	12931	_	_	start_char=73419|end_char=73425
12933	from	_	_	_	_	12932	_	_	start_char=73426|end_char=73430
12934	being	_	_	_	_	12933	_	_	start_char=73431|end_char=73436
12935	the	_	_	_	_	12934	_	_	start_char=73437|end_char=73440
12936	seat	_	_	_	_	12935	_	_	start_char=73441|end_char=73445
12937	of	_	_	_	_	12936	_	_	start_char=73446|end_char=73448
12938	beauty	_	_	_	_	12937	_	_	start_char=73449|end_char=73455
12939	and	_	_	_	_	12938	_	_	start_char=73456|end_char=73459
12940	strength,	_	_	_	_	12939	_	_	start_char=73460|end_char=73469
12941	had	_	_	_	_	12940	_	_	start_char=73470|end_char=73473
12942	become	_	_	_	_	12941	_	_	start_char=73474|end_char=73480
12943	food	_	_	_	_	12942	_	_	start_char=73481|end_char=73485
12944	for	_	_	_	_	12943	_	_	start_char=73486|end_char=73489
12945	the	_	_	_	_	12944	_	_	start_char=73490|end_char=73493
12946	worm.	_	_	_	_	12945	_	_	start_char=73494|end_char=73499
12947	Now	_	_	_	_	12946	_	_	start_char=73500|end_char=73503
12948	I	_	_	_	_	12947	_	_	start_char=73504|end_char=73505
12949	was	_	_	_	_	12948	_	_	start_char=73506|end_char=73509
12950	led	_	_	_	_	12949	_	_	start_char=73510|end_char=73513
12951	to	_	_	_	_	12950	_	_	start_char=73514|end_char=73516
12952	examine	_	_	_	_	12951	_	_	start_char=73517|end_char=73524
12953	the	_	_	_	_	12952	_	_	start_char=73525|end_char=73528
12954	cause	_	_	_	_	12953	_	_	start_char=73529|end_char=73534
12955	and	_	_	_	_	12954	_	_	start_char=73535|end_char=73538
12956	progress	_	_	_	_	12955	_	_	start_char=73539|end_char=73547
12957	of	_	_	_	_	12956	_	_	start_char=73548|end_char=73550
12958	this	_	_	_	_	12957	_	_	start_char=73551|end_char=73555
12959	decay	_	_	_	_	12958	_	_	start_char=73556|end_char=73561
12960	and	_	_	_	_	12959	_	_	start_char=73562|end_char=73565
12961	forced	_	_	_	_	12960	_	_	start_char=73566|end_char=73572
12962	to	_	_	_	_	12961	_	_	start_char=73573|end_char=73575
12963	spend	_	_	_	_	12962	_	_	start_char=73576|end_char=73581
12964	days	_	_	_	_	12963	_	_	start_char=73582|end_char=73586
12965	and	_	_	_	_	12964	_	_	start_char=73587|end_char=73590
12966	nights	_	_	_	_	12965	_	_	start_char=73591|end_char=73597
12967	in	_	_	_	_	12966	_	_	start_char=73598|end_char=73600
12968	vaults	_	_	_	_	12967	_	_	start_char=73601|end_char=73607
12969	and	_	_	_	_	12968	_	_	start_char=73608|end_char=73611
12970	charnel-houses.	_	_	_	_	12969	_	_	start_char=73612|end_char=73627
12971	My	_	_	_	_	12970	_	_	start_char=73628|end_char=73630
12972	attention	_	_	_	_	12971	_	_	start_char=73631|end_char=73640
12973	was	_	_	_	_	12972	_	_	start_char=73641|end_char=73644
12974	fixed	_	_	_	_	12973	_	_	start_char=73645|end_char=73650
12975	upon	_	_	_	_	12974	_	_	start_char=73651|end_char=73655
12976	every	_	_	_	_	12975	_	_	start_char=73656|end_char=73661
12977	object	_	_	_	_	12976	_	_	start_char=73662|end_char=73668
12978	the	_	_	_	_	12977	_	_	start_char=73669|end_char=73672
12979	most	_	_	_	_	12978	_	_	start_char=73673|end_char=73677
12980	insupportable	_	_	_	_	12979	_	_	start_char=73678|end_char=73691
12981	to	_	_	_	_	12980	_	_	start_char=73692|end_char=73694
12982	the	_	_	_	_	12981	_	_	start_char=73695|end_char=73698
12983	delicacy	_	_	_	_	12982	_	_	start_char=73699|end_char=73707
12984	of	_	_	_	_	12983	_	_	start_char=73708|end_char=73710
12985	the	_	_	_	_	12984	_	_	start_char=73711|end_char=73714
12986	human	_	_	_	_	12985	_	_	start_char=73715|end_char=73720
12987	feelings.	_	_	_	_	12986	_	_	start_char=73721|end_char=73730
12988	I	_	_	_	_	12987	_	_	start_char=73731|end_char=73732
12989	saw	_	_	_	_	12988	_	_	start_char=73733|end_char=73736
12990	how	_	_	_	_	12989	_	_	start_char=73737|end_char=73740
12991	the	_	_	_	_	12990	_	_	start_char=73741|end_char=73744
12992	fine	_	_	_	_	12991	_	_	start_char=73745|end_char=73749
12993	form	_	_	_	_	12992	_	_	start_char=73750|end_char=73754
12994	of	_	_	_	_	12993	_	_	start_char=73755|end_char=73757
12995	man	_	_	_	_	12994	_	_	start_char=73758|end_char=73761
12996	was	_	_	_	_	12995	_	_	start_char=73762|end_char=73765
12997	degraded	_	_	_	_	12996	_	_	start_char=73766|end_char=73774
12998	and	_	_	_	_	12997	_	_	start_char=73775|end_char=73778
12999	wasted;	_	_	_	_	12998	_	_	start_char=73779|end_char=73786
13000	I	_	_	_	_	12999	_	_	start_char=73787|end_char=73788
13001	beheld	_	_	_	_	13000	_	_	start_char=73789|end_char=73795
13002	the	_	_	_	_	13001	_	_	start_char=73796|end_char=73799
13003	corruption	_	_	_	_	13002	_	_	start_char=73800|end_char=73810
13004	of	_	_	_	_	13003	_	_	start_char=73811|end_char=73813
13005	death	_	_	_	_	13004	_	_	start_char=73814|end_char=73819
13006	succeed	_	_	_	_	13005	_	_	start_char=73820|end_char=73827
13007	to	_	_	_	_	13006	_	_	start_char=73828|end_char=73830
13008	the	_	_	_	_	13007	_	_	start_char=73831|end_char=73834
13009	blooming	_	_	_	_	13008	_	_	start_char=73835|end_char=73843
13010	cheek	_	_	_	_	13009	_	_	start_char=73844|end_char=73849
13011	of	_	_	_	_	13010	_	_	start_char=73850|end_char=73852
13012	life;	_	_	_	_	13011	_	_	start_char=73853|end_char=73858
13013	I	_	_	_	_	13012	_	_	start_char=73859|end_char=73860
13014	saw	_	_	_	_	13013	_	_	start_char=73861|end_char=73864
13015	how	_	_	_	_	13014	_	_	start_char=73865|end_char=73868
13016	the	_	_	_	_	13015	_	_	start_char=73869|end_char=73872
13017	worm	_	_	_	_	13016	_	_	start_char=73873|end_char=73877
13018	inherited	_	_	_	_	13017	_	_	start_char=73878|end_char=73887
13019	the	_	_	_	_	13018	_	_	start_char=73888|end_char=73891
13020	wonders	_	_	_	_	13019	_	_	start_char=73892|end_char=73899
13021	of	_	_	_	_	13020	_	_	start_char=73900|end_char=73902
13022	the	_	_	_	_	13021	_	_	start_char=73903|end_char=73906
13023	eye	_	_	_	_	13022	_	_	start_char=73907|end_char=73910
13024	and	_	_	_	_	13023	_	_	start_char=73911|end_char=73914
13025	brain.	_	_	_	_	13024	_	_	start_char=73915|end_char=73921
13026	I	_	_	_	_	13025	_	_	start_char=73922|end_char=73923
13027	paused,	_	_	_	_	13026	_	_	start_char=73924|end_char=73931
13028	examining	_	_	_	_	13027	_	_	start_char=73932|end_char=73941
13029	and	_	_	_	_	13028	_	_	start_char=73942|end_char=73945
13030	analysing	_	_	_	_	13029	_	_	start_char=73946|end_char=73955
13031	all	_	_	_	_	13030	_	_	start_char=73956|end_char=73959
13032	the	_	_	_	_	13031	_	_	start_char=73960|end_char=73963
13033	minutiae	_	_	_	_	13032	_	_	start_char=73964|end_char=73972
13034	of	_	_	_	_	13033	_	_	start_char=73973|end_char=73975
13035	causation,	_	_	_	_	13034	_	_	start_char=73976|end_char=73986
13036	as	_	_	_	_	13035	_	_	start_char=73987|end_char=73989
13037	exemplified	_	_	_	_	13036	_	_	start_char=73990|end_char=74001
13038	in	_	_	_	_	13037	_	_	start_char=74002|end_char=74004
13039	the	_	_	_	_	13038	_	_	start_char=74005|end_char=74008
13040	change	_	_	_	_	13039	_	_	start_char=74009|end_char=74015
13041	from	_	_	_	_	13040	_	_	start_char=74016|end_char=74020
13042	life	_	_	_	_	13041	_	_	start_char=74021|end_char=74025
13043	to	_	_	_	_	13042	_	_	start_char=74026|end_char=74028
13044	death,	_	_	_	_	13043	_	_	start_char=74029|end_char=74035
13045	and	_	_	_	_	13044	_	_	start_char=74036|end_char=74039
13046	death	_	_	_	_	13045	_	_	start_char=74040|end_char=74045
13047	to	_	_	_	_	13046	_	_	start_char=74046|end_char=74048
13048	life,	_	_	_	_	13047	_	_	start_char=74049|end_char=74054
13049	until	_	_	_	_	13048	_	_	start_char=74055|end_char=74060
13050	from	_	_	_	_	13049	_	_	start_char=74061|end_char=74065
13051	the	_	_	_	_	13050	_	_	start_char=74066|end_char=74069
13052	midst	_	_	_	_	13051	_	_	start_char=74070|end_char=74075
13053	of	_	_	_	_	13052	_	_	start_char=74076|end_char=74078
13054	this	_	_	_	_	13053	_	_	start_char=74079|end_char=74083
13055	darkness	_	_	_	_	13054	_	_	start_char=74084|end_char=74092
13056	a	_	_	_	_	13055	_	_	start_char=74093|end_char=74094
13057	sudden	_	_	_	_	13056	_	_	start_char=74095|end_char=74101
13058	light	_	_	_	_	13057	_	_	start_char=74102|end_char=74107
13059	broke	_	_	_	_	13058	_	_	start_char=74108|end_char=74113
13060	in	_	_	_	_	13059	_	_	start_char=74114|end_char=74116
13061	upon	_	_	_	_	13060	_	_	start_char=74117|end_char=74121
13062	me—a	_	_	_	_	13061	_	_	start_char=74122|end_char=74126
13063	light	_	_	_	_	13062	_	_	start_char=74127|end_char=74132
13064	so	_	_	_	_	13063	_	_	start_char=74133|end_char=74135
13065	brilliant	_	_	_	_	13064	_	_	start_char=74136|end_char=74145
13066	and	_	_	_	_	13065	_	_	start_char=74146|end_char=74149
13067	wondrous,	_	_	_	_	13066	_	_	start_char=74150|end_char=74159
13068	yet	_	_	_	_	13067	_	_	start_char=74160|end_char=74163
13069	so	_	_	_	_	13068	_	_	start_char=74164|end_char=74166
13070	simple,	_	_	_	_	13069	_	_	start_char=74167|end_char=74174
13071	that	_	_	_	_	13070	_	_	start_char=74175|end_char=74179
13072	while	_	_	_	_	13071	_	_	start_char=74180|end_char=74185
13073	I	_	_	_	_	13072	_	_	start_char=74186|end_char=74187
13074	became	_	_	_	_	13073	_	_	start_char=74188|end_char=74194
13075	dizzy	_	_	_	_	13074	_	_	start_char=74195|end_char=74200
13076	with	_	_	_	_	13075	_	_	start_char=74201|end_char=74205
13077	the	_	_	_	_	13076	_	_	start_char=74206|end_char=74209
13078	immensity	_	_	_	_	13077	_	_	start_char=74210|end_char=74219
13079	of	_	_	_	_	13078	_	_	start_char=74220|end_char=74222
13080	the	_	_	_	_	13079	_	_	start_char=74223|end_char=74226
13081	prospect	_	_	_	_	13080	_	_	start_char=74227|end_char=74235
13082	which	_	_	_	_	13081	_	_	start_char=74236|end_char=74241
13083	it	_	_	_	_	13082	_	_	start_char=74242|end_char=74244
13084	illustrated,	_	_	_	_	13083	_	_	start_char=74245|end_char=74257
13085	I	_	_	_	_	13084	_	_	start_char=74258|end_char=74259
13086	was	_	_	_	_	13085	_	_	start_char=74260|end_char=74263
13087	surprised	_	_	_	_	13086	_	_	start_char=74264|end_char=74273
13088	that	_	_	_	_	13087	_	_	start_char=74274|end_char=74278
13089	among	_	_	_	_	13088	_	_	start_char=74279|end_char=74284
13090	so	_	_	_	_	13089	_	_	start_char=74285|end_char=74287
13091	many	_	_	_	_	13090	_	_	start_char=74288|end_char=74292
13092	men	_	_	_	_	13091	_	_	start_char=74293|end_char=74296
13093	of	_	_	_	_	13092	_	_	start_char=74297|end_char=74299
13094	genius	_	_	_	_	13093	_	_	start_char=74300|end_char=74306
13095	who	_	_	_	_	13094	_	_	start_char=74307|end_char=74310
13096	had	_	_	_	_	13095	_	_	start_char=74311|end_char=74314
13097	directed	_	_	_	_	13096	_	_	start_char=74315|end_char=74323
13098	their	_	_	_	_	13097	_	_	start_char=74324|end_char=74329
13099	inquiries	_	_	_	_	13098	_	_	start_char=74330|end_char=74339
13100	towards	_	_	_	_	13099	_	_	start_char=74340|end_char=74347
13101	the	_	_	_	_	13100	_	_	start_char=74348|end_char=74351
13102	same	_	_	_	_	13101	_	_	start_char=74352|end_char=74356
13103	science,	_	_	_	_	13102	_	_	start_char=74357|end_char=74365
13104	that	_	_	_	_	13103	_	_	start_char=74366|end_char=74370
13105	I	_	_	_	_	13104	_	_	start_char=74371|end_char=74372
13106	alone	_	_	_	_	13105	_	_	start_char=74373|end_char=74378
13107	should	_	_	_	_	13106	_	_	start_char=74379|end_char=74385
13108	be	_	_	_	_	13107	_	_	start_char=74386|end_char=74388
13109	reserved	_	_	_	_	13108	_	_	start_char=74389|end_char=74397
13110	to	_	_	_	_	13109	_	_	start_char=74398|end_char=74400
13111	discover	_	_	_	_	13110	_	_	start_char=74401|end_char=74409
13112	so	_	_	_	_	13111	_	_	start_char=74410|end_char=74412
13113	astonishing	_	_	_	_	13112	_	_	start_char=74413|end_char=74424
13114	a	_	_	_	_	13113	_	_	start_char=74425|end_char=74426
13115	secret.	_	_	_	_	13114	_	_	start_char=74427|end_char=74434
13116	Remember,	_	_	_	_	13115	_	_	start_char=74435|end_char=74444
13117	I	_	_	_	_	13116	_	_	start_char=74445|end_char=74446
13118	am	_	_	_	_	13117	_	_	start_char=74447|end_char=74449
13119	not	_	_	_	_	13118	_	_	start_char=74450|end_char=74453
13120	recording	_	_	_	_	13119	_	_	start_char=74454|end_char=74463
13121	the	_	_	_	_	13120	_	_	start_char=74464|end_char=74467
13122	vision	_	_	_	_	13121	_	_	start_char=74468|end_char=74474
13123	of	_	_	_	_	13122	_	_	start_char=74475|end_char=74477
13124	a	_	_	_	_	13123	_	_	start_char=74478|end_char=74479
13125	madman.	_	_	_	_	13124	_	_	start_char=74480|end_char=74487
13126	The	_	_	_	_	13125	_	_	start_char=74488|end_char=74491
13127	sun	_	_	_	_	13126	_	_	start_char=74492|end_char=74495
13128	does	_	_	_	_	13127	_	_	start_char=74496|end_char=74500
13129	not	_	_	_	_	13128	_	_	start_char=74501|end_char=74504
13130	more	_	_	_	_	13129	_	_	start_char=74505|end_char=74509
13131	certainly	_	_	_	_	13130	_	_	start_char=74510|end_char=74519
13132	shine	_	_	_	_	13131	_	_	start_char=74520|end_char=74525
13133	in	_	_	_	_	13132	_	_	start_char=74526|end_char=74528
13134	the	_	_	_	_	13133	_	_	start_char=74529|end_char=74532
13135	heavens	_	_	_	_	13134	_	_	start_char=74533|end_char=74540
13136	than	_	_	_	_	13135	_	_	start_char=74541|end_char=74545
13137	that	_	_	_	_	13136	_	_	start_char=74546|end_char=74550
13138	which	_	_	_	_	13137	_	_	start_char=74551|end_char=74556
13139	I	_	_	_	_	13138	_	_	start_char=74557|end_char=74558
13140	now	_	_	_	_	13139	_	_	start_char=74559|end_char=74562
13141	affirm	_	_	_	_	13140	_	_	start_char=74563|end_char=74569
13142	is	_	_	_	_	13141	_	_	start_char=74570|end_char=74572
13143	true.	_	_	_	_	13142	_	_	start_char=74573|end_char=74578
13144	Some	_	_	_	_	13143	_	_	start_char=74579|end_char=74583
13145	miracle	_	_	_	_	13144	_	_	start_char=74584|end_char=74591
13146	might	_	_	_	_	13145	_	_	start_char=74592|end_char=74597
13147	have	_	_	_	_	13146	_	_	start_char=74598|end_char=74602
13148	produced	_	_	_	_	13147	_	_	start_char=74603|end_char=74611
13149	it,	_	_	_	_	13148	_	_	start_char=74612|end_char=74615
13150	yet	_	_	_	_	13149	_	_	start_char=74616|end_char=74619
13151	the	_	_	_	_	13150	_	_	start_char=74620|end_char=74623
13152	stages	_	_	_	_	13151	_	_	start_char=74624|end_char=74630
13153	of	_	_	_	_	13152	_	_	start_char=74631|end_char=74633
13154	the	_	_	_	_	13153	_	_	start_char=74634|end_char=74637
13155	discovery	_	_	_	_	13154	_	_	start_char=74638|end_char=74647
13156	were	_	_	_	_	13155	_	_	start_char=74648|end_char=74652
13157	distinct	_	_	_	_	13156	_	_	start_char=74653|end_char=74661
13158	and	_	_	_	_	13157	_	_	start_char=74662|end_char=74665
13159	probable.	_	_	_	_	13158	_	_	start_char=74666|end_char=74675
13160	After	_	_	_	_	13159	_	_	start_char=74676|end_char=74681
13161	days	_	_	_	_	13160	_	_	start_char=74682|end_char=74686
13162	and	_	_	_	_	13161	_	_	start_char=74687|end_char=74690
13163	nights	_	_	_	_	13162	_	_	start_char=74691|end_char=74697
13164	of	_	_	_	_	13163	_	_	start_char=74698|end_char=74700
13165	incredible	_	_	_	_	13164	_	_	start_char=74701|end_char=74711
13166	labour	_	_	_	_	13165	_	_	start_char=74712|end_char=74718
13167	and	_	_	_	_	13166	_	_	start_char=74719|end_char=74722
13168	fatigue,	_	_	_	_	13167	_	_	start_char=74723|end_char=74731
13169	I	_	_	_	_	13168	_	_	start_char=74732|end_char=74733
13170	succeeded	_	_	_	_	13169	_	_	start_char=74734|end_char=74743
13171	in	_	_	_	_	13170	_	_	start_char=74744|end_char=74746
13172	discovering	_	_	_	_	13171	_	_	start_char=74747|end_char=74758
13173	the	_	_	_	_	13172	_	_	start_char=74759|end_char=74762
13174	cause	_	_	_	_	13173	_	_	start_char=74763|end_char=74768
13175	of	_	_	_	_	13174	_	_	start_char=74769|end_char=74771
13176	generation	_	_	_	_	13175	_	_	start_char=74772|end_char=74782
13177	and	_	_	_	_	13176	_	_	start_char=74783|end_char=74786
13178	life;	_	_	_	_	13177	_	_	start_char=74787|end_char=74792
13179	nay,	_	_	_	_	13178	_	_	start_char=74793|end_char=74797
13180	more,	_	_	_	_	13179	_	_	start_char=74798|end_char=74803
13181	I	_	_	_	_	13180	_	_	start_char=74804|end_char=74805
13182	became	_	_	_	_	13181	_	_	start_char=74806|end_char=74812
13183	myself	_	_	_	_	13182	_	_	start_char=74813|end_char=74819
13184	capable	_	_	_	_	13183	_	_	start_char=74820|end_char=74827
13185	of	_	_	_	_	13184	_	_	start_char=74828|end_char=74830
13186	bestowing	_	_	_	_	13185	_	_	start_char=74831|end_char=74840
13187	animation	_	_	_	_	13186	_	_	start_char=74841|end_char=74850
13188	upon	_	_	_	_	13187	_	_	start_char=74851|end_char=74855
13189	lifeless	_	_	_	_	13188	_	_	start_char=74856|end_char=74864
13190	matter.	_	_	_	_	13189	_	_	start_char=74865|end_char=74872
13191	The	_	_	_	_	13190	_	_	start_char=74873|end_char=74876
13192	astonishment	_	_	_	_	13191	_	_	start_char=74877|end_char=74889
13193	which	_	_	_	_	13192	_	_	start_char=74890|end_char=74895
13194	I	_	_	_	_	13193	_	_	start_char=74896|end_char=74897
13195	had	_	_	_	_	13194	_	_	start_char=74898|end_char=74901
13196	at	_	_	_	_	13195	_	_	start_char=74902|end_char=74904
13197	first	_	_	_	_	13196	_	_	start_char=74905|end_char=74910
13198	experienced	_	_	_	_	13197	_	_	start_char=74911|end_char=74922
13199	on	_	_	_	_	13198	_	_	start_char=74923|end_char=74925
13200	this	_	_	_	_	13199	_	_	start_char=74926|end_char=74930
13201	discovery	_	_	_	_	13200	_	_	start_char=74931|end_char=74940
13202	soon	_	_	_	_	13201	_	_	start_char=74941|end_char=74945
13203	gave	_	_	_	_	13202	_	_	start_char=74946|end_char=74950
13204	place	_	_	_	_	13203	_	_	start_char=74951|end_char=74956
13205	to	_	_	_	_	13204	_	_	start_char=74957|end_char=74959
13206	delight	_	_	_	_	13205	_	_	start_char=74960|end_char=74967
13207	and	_	_	_	_	13206	_	_	start_char=74968|end_char=74971
13208	rapture.	_	_	_	_	13207	_	_	start_char=74972|end_char=74980
13209	After	_	_	_	_	13208	_	_	start_char=74981|end_char=74986
13210	so	_	_	_	_	13209	_	_	start_char=74987|end_char=74989
13211	much	_	_	_	_	13210	_	_	start_char=74990|end_char=74994
13212	time	_	_	_	_	13211	_	_	start_char=74995|end_char=74999
13213	spent	_	_	_	_	13212	_	_	start_char=75000|end_char=75005
13214	in	_	_	_	_	13213	_	_	start_char=75006|end_char=75008
13215	painful	_	_	_	_	13214	_	_	start_char=75009|end_char=75016
13216	labour,	_	_	_	_	13215	_	_	start_char=75017|end_char=75024
13217	to	_	_	_	_	13216	_	_	start_char=75025|end_char=75027
13218	arrive	_	_	_	_	13217	_	_	start_char=75028|end_char=75034
13219	at	_	_	_	_	13218	_	_	start_char=75035|end_char=75037
13220	once	_	_	_	_	13219	_	_	start_char=75038|end_char=75042
13221	at	_	_	_	_	13220	_	_	start_char=75043|end_char=75045
13222	the	_	_	_	_	13221	_	_	start_char=75046|end_char=75049
13223	summit	_	_	_	_	13222	_	_	start_char=75050|end_char=75056
13224	of	_	_	_	_	13223	_	_	start_char=75057|end_char=75059
13225	my	_	_	_	_	13224	_	_	start_char=75060|end_char=75062
13226	desires	_	_	_	_	13225	_	_	start_char=75063|end_char=75070
13227	was	_	_	_	_	13226	_	_	start_char=75071|end_char=75074
13228	the	_	_	_	_	13227	_	_	start_char=75075|end_char=75078
13229	most	_	_	_	_	13228	_	_	start_char=75079|end_char=75083
13230	gratifying	_	_	_	_	13229	_	_	start_char=75084|end_char=75094
13231	consummation	_	_	_	_	13230	_	_	start_char=75095|end_char=75107
13232	of	_	_	_	_	13231	_	_	start_char=75108|end_char=75110
13233	my	_	_	_	_	13232	_	_	start_char=75111|end_char=75113
13234	toils.	_	_	_	_	13233	_	_	start_char=75114|end_char=75120
13235	But	_	_	_	_	13234	_	_	start_char=75121|end_char=75124
13236	this	_	_	_	_	13235	_	_	start_char=75125|end_char=75129
13237	discovery	_	_	_	_	13236	_	_	start_char=75130|end_char=75139
13238	was	_	_	_	_	13237	_	_	start_char=75140|end_char=75143
13239	so	_	_	_	_	13238	_	_	start_char=75144|end_char=75146
13240	great	_	_	_	_	13239	_	_	start_char=75147|end_char=75152
13241	and	_	_	_	_	13240	_	_	start_char=75153|end_char=75156
13242	overwhelming	_	_	_	_	13241	_	_	start_char=75157|end_char=75169
13243	that	_	_	_	_	13242	_	_	start_char=75170|end_char=75174
13244	all	_	_	_	_	13243	_	_	start_char=75175|end_char=75178
13245	the	_	_	_	_	13244	_	_	start_char=75179|end_char=75182
13246	steps	_	_	_	_	13245	_	_	start_char=75183|end_char=75188
13247	by	_	_	_	_	13246	_	_	start_char=75189|end_char=75191
13248	which	_	_	_	_	13247	_	_	start_char=75192|end_char=75197
13249	I	_	_	_	_	13248	_	_	start_char=75198|end_char=75199
13250	had	_	_	_	_	13249	_	_	start_char=75200|end_char=75203
13251	been	_	_	_	_	13250	_	_	start_char=75204|end_char=75208
13252	progressively	_	_	_	_	13251	_	_	start_char=75209|end_char=75222
13253	led	_	_	_	_	13252	_	_	start_char=75223|end_char=75226
13254	to	_	_	_	_	13253	_	_	start_char=75227|end_char=75229
13255	it	_	_	_	_	13254	_	_	start_char=75230|end_char=75232
13256	were	_	_	_	_	13255	_	_	start_char=75233|end_char=75237
13257	obliterated,	_	_	_	_	13256	_	_	start_char=75238|end_char=75250
13258	and	_	_	_	_	13257	_	_	start_char=75251|end_char=75254
13259	I	_	_	_	_	13258	_	_	start_char=75255|end_char=75256
13260	beheld	_	_	_	_	13259	_	_	start_char=75257|end_char=75263
13261	only	_	_	_	_	13260	_	_	start_char=75264|end_char=75268
13262	the	_	_	_	_	13261	_	_	start_char=75269|end_char=75272
13263	result.	_	_	_	_	13262	_	_	start_char=75273|end_char=75280
13264	What	_	_	_	_	13263	_	_	start_char=75281|end_char=75285
13265	had	_	_	_	_	13264	_	_	start_char=75286|end_char=75289
13266	been	_	_	_	_	13265	_	_	start_char=75290|end_char=75294
13267	the	_	_	_	_	13266	_	_	start_char=75295|end_char=75298
13268	study	_	_	_	_	13267	_	_	start_char=75299|end_char=75304
13269	and	_	_	_	_	13268	_	_	start_char=75305|end_char=75308
13270	desire	_	_	_	_	13269	_	_	start_char=75309|end_char=75315
13271	of	_	_	_	_	13270	_	_	start_char=75316|end_char=75318
13272	the	_	_	_	_	13271	_	_	start_char=75319|end_char=75322
13273	wisest	_	_	_	_	13272	_	_	start_char=75323|end_char=75329
13274	men	_	_	_	_	13273	_	_	start_char=75330|end_char=75333
13275	since	_	_	_	_	13274	_	_	start_char=75334|end_char=75339
13276	the	_	_	_	_	13275	_	_	start_char=75340|end_char=75343
13277	creation	_	_	_	_	13276	_	_	start_char=75344|end_char=75352
13278	of	_	_	_	_	13277	_	_	start_char=75353|end_char=75355
13279	the	_	_	_	_	13278	_	_	start_char=75356|end_char=75359
13280	world	_	_	_	_	13279	_	_	start_char=75360|end_char=75365
13281	was	_	_	_	_	13280	_	_	start_char=75366|end_char=75369
13282	now	_	_	_	_	13281	_	_	start_char=75370|end_char=75373
13283	within	_	_	_	_	13282	_	_	start_char=75374|end_char=75380
13284	my	_	_	_	_	13283	_	_	start_char=75381|end_char=75383
13285	grasp.	_	_	_	_	13284	_	_	start_char=75384|end_char=75390
13286	Not	_	_	_	_	13285	_	_	start_char=75391|end_char=75394
13287	that,	_	_	_	_	13286	_	_	start_char=75395|end_char=75400
13288	like	_	_	_	_	13287	_	_	start_char=75401|end_char=75405
13289	a	_	_	_	_	13288	_	_	start_char=75406|end_char=75407
13290	magic	_	_	_	_	13289	_	_	start_char=75408|end_char=75413
13291	scene,	_	_	_	_	13290	_	_	start_char=75414|end_char=75420
13292	it	_	_	_	_	13291	_	_	start_char=75421|end_char=75423
13293	all	_	_	_	_	13292	_	_	start_char=75424|end_char=75427
13294	opened	_	_	_	_	13293	_	_	start_char=75428|end_char=75434
13295	upon	_	_	_	_	13294	_	_	start_char=75435|end_char=75439
13296	me	_	_	_	_	13295	_	_	start_char=75440|end_char=75442
13297	at	_	_	_	_	13296	_	_	start_char=75443|end_char=75445
13298	once:	_	_	_	_	13297	_	_	start_char=75446|end_char=75451
13299	the	_	_	_	_	13298	_	_	start_char=75452|end_char=75455
13300	information	_	_	_	_	13299	_	_	start_char=75456|end_char=75467
13301	I	_	_	_	_	13300	_	_	start_char=75468|end_char=75469
13302	had	_	_	_	_	13301	_	_	start_char=75470|end_char=75473
13303	obtained	_	_	_	_	13302	_	_	start_char=75474|end_char=75482
13304	was	_	_	_	_	13303	_	_	start_char=75483|end_char=75486
13305	of	_	_	_	_	13304	_	_	start_char=75487|end_char=75489
13306	a	_	_	_	_	13305	_	_	start_char=75490|end_char=75491
13307	nature	_	_	_	_	13306	_	_	start_char=75492|end_char=75498
13308	rather	_	_	_	_	13307	_	_	start_char=75499|end_char=75505
13309	to	_	_	_	_	13308	_	_	start_char=75506|end_char=75508
13310	direct	_	_	_	_	13309	_	_	start_char=75509|end_char=75515
13311	my	_	_	_	_	13310	_	_	start_char=75516|end_char=75518
13312	endeavours	_	_	_	_	13311	_	_	start_char=75519|end_char=75529
13313	so	_	_	_	_	13312	_	_	start_char=75530|end_char=75532
13314	soon	_	_	_	_	13313	_	_	start_char=75533|end_char=75537
13315	as	_	_	_	_	13314	_	_	start_char=75538|end_char=75540
13316	I	_	_	_	_	13315	_	_	start_char=75541|end_char=75542
13317	should	_	_	_	_	13316	_	_	start_char=75543|end_char=75549
13318	point	_	_	_	_	13317	_	_	start_char=75550|end_char=75555
13319	them	_	_	_	_	13318	_	_	start_char=75556|end_char=75560
13320	towards	_	_	_	_	13319	_	_	start_char=75561|end_char=75568
13321	the	_	_	_	_	13320	_	_	start_char=75569|end_char=75572
13322	object	_	_	_	_	13321	_	_	start_char=75573|end_char=75579
13323	of	_	_	_	_	13322	_	_	start_char=75580|end_char=75582
13324	my	_	_	_	_	13323	_	_	start_char=75583|end_char=75585
13325	search	_	_	_	_	13324	_	_	start_char=75586|end_char=75592
13326	than	_	_	_	_	13325	_	_	start_char=75593|end_char=75597
13327	to	_	_	_	_	13326	_	_	start_char=75598|end_char=75600
13328	exhibit	_	_	_	_	13327	_	_	start_char=75601|end_char=75608
13329	that	_	_	_	_	13328	_	_	start_char=75609|end_char=75613
13330	object	_	_	_	_	13329	_	_	start_char=75614|end_char=75620
13331	already	_	_	_	_	13330	_	_	start_char=75621|end_char=75628
13332	accomplished.	_	_	_	_	13331	_	_	start_char=75629|end_char=75642
13333	I	_	_	_	_	13332	_	_	start_char=75643|end_char=75644
13334	was	_	_	_	_	13333	_	_	start_char=75645|end_char=75648
13335	like	_	_	_	_	13334	_	_	start_char=75649|end_char=75653
13336	the	_	_	_	_	13335	_	_	start_char=75654|end_char=75657
13337	Arabian	_	_	_	_	13336	_	_	start_char=75658|end_char=75665
13338	who	_	_	_	_	13337	_	_	start_char=75666|end_char=75669
13339	had	_	_	_	_	13338	_	_	start_char=75670|end_char=75673
13340	been	_	_	_	_	13339	_	_	start_char=75674|end_char=75678
13341	buried	_	_	_	_	13340	_	_	start_char=75679|end_char=75685
13342	with	_	_	_	_	13341	_	_	start_char=75686|end_char=75690
13343	the	_	_	_	_	13342	_	_	start_char=75691|end_char=75694
13344	dead	_	_	_	_	13343	_	_	start_char=75695|end_char=75699
13345	and	_	_	_	_	13344	_	_	start_char=75700|end_char=75703
13346	found	_	_	_	_	13345	_	_	start_char=75704|end_char=75709
13347	a	_	_	_	_	13346	_	_	start_char=75710|end_char=75711
13348	passage	_	_	_	_	13347	_	_	start_char=75712|end_char=75719
13349	to	_	_	_	_	13348	_	_	start_char=75720|end_char=75722
13350	life,	_	_	_	_	13349	_	_	start_char=75723|end_char=75728
13351	aided	_	_	_	_	13350	_	_	start_char=75729|end_char=75734
13352	only	_	_	_	_	13351	_	_	start_char=75735|end_char=75739
13353	by	_	_	_	_	13352	_	_	start_char=75740|end_char=75742
13354	one	_	_	_	_	13353	_	_	start_char=75743|end_char=75746
13355	glimmering	_	_	_	_	13354	_	_	start_char=75747|end_char=75757
13356	and	_	_	_	_	13355	_	_	start_char=75758|end_char=75761
13357	seemingly	_	_	_	_	13356	_	_	start_char=75762|end_char=75771
13358	ineffectual	_	_	_	_	13357	_	_	start_char=75772|end_char=75783
13359	light.	_	_	_	_	13358	_	_	start_char=75784|end_char=75790
13360	I	_	_	_	_	13359	_	_	start_char=75791|end_char=75792
13361	see	_	_	_	_	13360	_	_	start_char=75793|end_char=75796
13362	by	_	_	_	_	13361	_	_	start_char=75797|end_char=75799
13363	your	_	_	_	_	13362	_	_	start_char=75800|end_char=75804
13364	eagerness	_	_	_	_	13363	_	_	start_char=75805|end_char=75814
13365	and	_	_	_	_	13364	_	_	start_char=75815|end_char=75818
13366	the	_	_	_	_	13365	_	_	start_char=75819|end_char=75822
13367	wonder	_	_	_	_	13366	_	_	start_char=75823|end_char=75829
13368	and	_	_	_	_	13367	_	_	start_char=75830|end_char=75833
13369	hope	_	_	_	_	13368	_	_	start_char=75834|end_char=75838
13370	which	_	_	_	_	13369	_	_	start_char=75839|end_char=75844
13371	your	_	_	_	_	13370	_	_	start_char=75845|end_char=75849
13372	eyes	_	_	_	_	13371	_	_	start_char=75850|end_char=75854
13373	express,	_	_	_	_	13372	_	_	start_char=75855|end_char=75863
13374	my	_	_	_	_	13373	_	_	start_char=75864|end_char=75866
13375	friend,	_	_	_	_	13374	_	_	start_char=75867|end_char=75874
13376	that	_	_	_	_	13375	_	_	start_char=75875|end_char=75879
13377	you	_	_	_	_	13376	_	_	start_char=75880|end_char=75883
13378	expect	_	_	_	_	13377	_	_	start_char=75884|end_char=75890
13379	to	_	_	_	_	13378	_	_	start_char=75891|end_char=75893
13380	be	_	_	_	_	13379	_	_	start_char=75894|end_char=75896
13381	informed	_	_	_	_	13380	_	_	start_char=75897|end_char=75905
13382	of	_	_	_	_	13381	_	_	start_char=75906|end_char=75908
13383	the	_	_	_	_	13382	_	_	start_char=75909|end_char=75912
13384	secret	_	_	_	_	13383	_	_	start_char=75913|end_char=75919
13385	with	_	_	_	_	13384	_	_	start_char=75920|end_char=75924
13386	which	_	_	_	_	13385	_	_	start_char=75925|end_char=75930
13387	I	_	_	_	_	13386	_	_	start_char=75931|end_char=75932
13388	am	_	_	_	_	13387	_	_	start_char=75933|end_char=75935
13389	acquainted;	_	_	_	_	13388	_	_	start_char=75936|end_char=75947
13390	that	_	_	_	_	13389	_	_	start_char=75948|end_char=75952
13391	cannot	_	_	_	_	13390	_	_	start_char=75953|end_char=75959
13392	be;	_	_	_	_	13391	_	_	start_char=75960|end_char=75963
13393	listen	_	_	_	_	13392	_	_	start_char=75964|end_char=75970
13394	patiently	_	_	_	_	13393	_	_	start_char=75971|end_char=75980
13395	until	_	_	_	_	13394	_	_	start_char=75981|end_char=75986
13396	the	_	_	_	_	13395	_	_	start_char=75987|end_char=75990
13397	end	_	_	_	_	13396	_	_	start_char=75991|end_char=75994
13398	of	_	_	_	_	13397	_	_	start_char=75995|end_char=75997
13399	my	_	_	_	_	13398	_	_	start_char=75998|end_char=76000
13400	story,	_	_	_	_	13399	_	_	start_char=76001|end_char=76007
13401	and	_	_	_	_	13400	_	_	start_char=76008|end_char=76011
13402	you	_	_	_	_	13401	_	_	start_char=76012|end_char=76015
13403	will	_	_	_	_	13402	_	_	start_char=76016|end_char=76020
13404	easily	_	_	_	_	13403	_	_	start_char=76021|end_char=76027
13405	perceive	_	_	_	_	13404	_	_	start_char=76028|end_char=76036
13406	why	_	_	_	_	13405	_	_	start_char=76037|end_char=76040
13407	I	_	_	_	_	13406	_	_	start_char=76041|end_char=76042
13408	am	_	_	_	_	13407	_	_	start_char=76043|end_char=76045
13409	reserved	_	_	_	_	13408	_	_	start_char=76046|end_char=76054
13410	upon	_	_	_	_	13409	_	_	start_char=76055|end_char=76059
13411	that	_	_	_	_	13410	_	_	start_char=76060|end_char=76064
13412	subject.	_	_	_	_	13411	_	_	start_char=76065|end_char=76073
13413	I	_	_	_	_	13412	_	_	start_char=76074|end_char=76075
13414	will	_	_	_	_	13413	_	_	start_char=76076|end_char=76080
13415	not	_	_	_	_	13414	_	_	start_char=76081|end_char=76084
13416	lead	_	_	_	_	13415	_	_	start_char=76085|end_char=76089
13417	you	_	_	_	_	13416	_	_	start_char=76090|end_char=76093
13418	on,	_	_	_	_	13417	_	_	start_char=76094|end_char=76097
13419	unguarded	_	_	_	_	13418	_	_	start_char=76098|end_char=76107
13420	and	_	_	_	_	13419	_	_	start_char=76108|end_char=76111
13421	ardent	_	_	_	_	13420	_	_	start_char=76112|end_char=76118
13422	as	_	_	_	_	13421	_	_	start_char=76119|end_char=76121
13423	I	_	_	_	_	13422	_	_	start_char=76122|end_char=76123
13424	then	_	_	_	_	13423	_	_	start_char=76124|end_char=76128
13425	was,	_	_	_	_	13424	_	_	start_char=76129|end_char=76133
13426	to	_	_	_	_	13425	_	_	start_char=76134|end_char=76136
13427	your	_	_	_	_	13426	_	_	start_char=76137|end_char=76141
13428	destruction	_	_	_	_	13427	_	_	start_char=76142|end_char=76153
13429	and	_	_	_	_	13428	_	_	start_char=76154|end_char=76157
13430	infallible	_	_	_	_	13429	_	_	start_char=76158|end_char=76168
13431	misery.	_	_	_	_	13430	_	_	start_char=76169|end_char=76176
13432	Learn	_	_	_	_	13431	_	_	start_char=76177|end_char=76182
13433	from	_	_	_	_	13432	_	_	start_char=76183|end_char=76187
13434	me,	_	_	_	_	13433	_	_	start_char=76188|end_char=76191
13435	if	_	_	_	_	13434	_	_	start_char=76192|end_char=76194
13436	not	_	_	_	_	13435	_	_	start_char=76195|end_char=76198
13437	by	_	_	_	_	13436	_	_	start_char=76199|end_char=76201
13438	my	_	_	_	_	13437	_	_	start_char=76202|end_char=76204
13439	precepts,	_	_	_	_	13438	_	_	start_char=76205|end_char=76214
13440	at	_	_	_	_	13439	_	_	start_char=76215|end_char=76217
13441	least	_	_	_	_	13440	_	_	start_char=76218|end_char=76223
13442	by	_	_	_	_	13441	_	_	start_char=76224|end_char=76226
13443	my	_	_	_	_	13442	_	_	start_char=76227|end_char=76229
13444	example,	_	_	_	_	13443	_	_	start_char=76230|end_char=76238
13445	how	_	_	_	_	13444	_	_	start_char=76239|end_char=76242
13446	dangerous	_	_	_	_	13445	_	_	start_char=76243|end_char=76252
13447	is	_	_	_	_	13446	_	_	start_char=76253|end_char=76255
13448	the	_	_	_	_	13447	_	_	start_char=76256|end_char=76259
13449	acquirement	_	_	_	_	13448	_	_	start_char=76260|end_char=76271
13450	of	_	_	_	_	13449	_	_	start_char=76272|end_char=76274
13451	knowledge	_	_	_	_	13450	_	_	start_char=76275|end_char=76284
13452	and	_	_	_	_	13451	_	_	start_char=76285|end_char=76288
13453	how	_	_	_	_	13452	_	_	start_char=76289|end_char=76292
13454	much	_	_	_	_	13453	_	_	start_char=76293|end_char=76297
13455	happier	_	_	_	_	13454	_	_	start_char=76298|end_char=76305
13456	that	_	_	_	_	13455	_	_	start_char=76306|end_char=76310
13457	man	_	_	_	_	13456	_	_	start_char=76311|end_char=76314
13458	is	_	_	_	_	13457	_	_	start_char=76315|end_char=76317
13459	who	_	_	_	_	13458	_	_	start_char=76318|end_char=76321
13460	believes	_	_	_	_	13459	_	_	start_char=76322|end_char=76330
13461	his	_	_	_	_	13460	_	_	start_char=76331|end_char=76334
13462	native	_	_	_	_	13461	_	_	start_char=76335|end_char=76341
13463	town	_	_	_	_	13462	_	_	start_char=76342|end_char=76346
13464	to	_	_	_	_	13463	_	_	start_char=76347|end_char=76349
13465	be	_	_	_	_	13464	_	_	start_char=76350|end_char=76352
13466	the	_	_	_	_	13465	_	_	start_char=76353|end_char=76356
13467	world,	_	_	_	_	13466	_	_	start_char=76357|end_char=76363
13468	than	_	_	_	_	13467	_	_	start_char=76364|end_char=76368
13469	he	_	_	_	_	13468	_	_	start_char=76369|end_char=76371
13470	who	_	_	_	_	13469	_	_	start_char=76372|end_char=76375
13471	aspires	_	_	_	_	13470	_	_	start_char=76376|end_char=76383
13472	to	_	_	_	_	13471	_	_	start_char=76384|end_char=76386
13473	become	_	_	_	_	13472	_	_	start_char=76387|end_char=76393
13474	greater	_	_	_	_	13473	_	_	start_char=76394|end_char=76401
13475	than	_	_	_	_	13474	_	_	start_char=76402|end_char=76406
13476	his	_	_	_	_	13475	_	_	start_char=76407|end_char=76410
13477	nature	_	_	_	_	13476	_	_	start_char=76411|end_char=76417
13478	will	_	_	_	_	13477	_	_	start_char=76418|end_char=76422
13479	allow.	_	_	_	_	13478	_	_	start_char=76423|end_char=76429
13480	When	_	_	_	_	13479	_	_	start_char=76430|end_char=76434
13481	I	_	_	_	_	13480	_	_	start_char=76435|end_char=76436
13482	found	_	_	_	_	13481	_	_	start_char=76437|end_char=76442
13483	so	_	_	_	_	13482	_	_	start_char=76443|end_char=76445
13484	astonishing	_	_	_	_	13483	_	_	start_char=76446|end_char=76457
13485	a	_	_	_	_	13484	_	_	start_char=76458|end_char=76459
13486	power	_	_	_	_	13485	_	_	start_char=76460|end_char=76465
13487	placed	_	_	_	_	13486	_	_	start_char=76466|end_char=76472
13488	within	_	_	_	_	13487	_	_	start_char=76473|end_char=76479
13489	my	_	_	_	_	13488	_	_	start_char=76480|end_char=76482
13490	hands,	_	_	_	_	13489	_	_	start_char=76483|end_char=76489
13491	I	_	_	_	_	13490	_	_	start_char=76490|end_char=76491
13492	hesitated	_	_	_	_	13491	_	_	start_char=76492|end_char=76501
13493	a	_	_	_	_	13492	_	_	start_char=76502|end_char=76503
13494	long	_	_	_	_	13493	_	_	start_char=76504|end_char=76508
13495	time	_	_	_	_	13494	_	_	start_char=76509|end_char=76513
13496	concerning	_	_	_	_	13495	_	_	start_char=76514|end_char=76524
13497	the	_	_	_	_	13496	_	_	start_char=76525|end_char=76528
13498	manner	_	_	_	_	13497	_	_	start_char=76529|end_char=76535
13499	in	_	_	_	_	13498	_	_	start_char=76536|end_char=76538
13500	which	_	_	_	_	13499	_	_	start_char=76539|end_char=76544
13501	I	_	_	_	_	13500	_	_	start_char=76545|end_char=76546
13502	should	_	_	_	_	13501	_	_	start_char=76547|end_char=76553
13503	employ	_	_	_	_	13502	_	_	start_char=76554|end_char=76560
13504	it.	_	_	_	_	13503	_	_	start_char=76561|end_char=76564
13505	Although	_	_	_	_	13504	_	_	start_char=76565|end_char=76573
13506	I	_	_	_	_	13505	_	_	start_char=76574|end_char=76575
13507	possessed	_	_	_	_	13506	_	_	start_char=76576|end_char=76585
13508	the	_	_	_	_	13507	_	_	start_char=76586|end_char=76589
13509	capacity	_	_	_	_	13508	_	_	start_char=76590|end_char=76598
13510	of	_	_	_	_	13509	_	_	start_char=76599|end_char=76601
13511	bestowing	_	_	_	_	13510	_	_	start_char=76602|end_char=76611
13512	animation,	_	_	_	_	13511	_	_	start_char=76612|end_char=76622
13513	yet	_	_	_	_	13512	_	_	start_char=76623|end_char=76626
13514	to	_	_	_	_	13513	_	_	start_char=76627|end_char=76629
13515	prepare	_	_	_	_	13514	_	_	start_char=76630|end_char=76637
13516	a	_	_	_	_	13515	_	_	start_char=76638|end_char=76639
13517	frame	_	_	_	_	13516	_	_	start_char=76640|end_char=76645
13518	for	_	_	_	_	13517	_	_	start_char=76646|end_char=76649
13519	the	_	_	_	_	13518	_	_	start_char=76650|end_char=76653
13520	reception	_	_	_	_	13519	_	_	start_char=76654|end_char=76663
13521	of	_	_	_	_	13520	_	_	start_char=76664|end_char=76666
13522	it,	_	_	_	_	13521	_	_	start_char=76667|end_char=76670
13523	with	_	_	_	_	13522	_	_	start_char=76671|end_char=76675
13524	all	_	_	_	_	13523	_	_	start_char=76676|end_char=76679
13525	its	_	_	_	_	13524	_	_	start_char=76680|end_char=76683
13526	intricacies	_	_	_	_	13525	_	_	start_char=76684|end_char=76695
13527	of	_	_	_	_	13526	_	_	start_char=76696|end_char=76698
13528	fibres,	_	_	_	_	13527	_	_	start_char=76699|end_char=76706
13529	muscles,	_	_	_	_	13528	_	_	start_char=76707|end_char=76715
13530	and	_	_	_	_	13529	_	_	start_char=76716|end_char=76719
13531	veins,	_	_	_	_	13530	_	_	start_char=76720|end_char=76726
13532	still	_	_	_	_	13531	_	_	start_char=76727|end_char=76732
13533	remained	_	_	_	_	13532	_	_	start_char=76733|end_char=76741
13534	a	_	_	_	_	13533	_	_	start_char=76742|end_char=76743
13535	work	_	_	_	_	13534	_	_	start_char=76744|end_char=76748
13536	of	_	_	_	_	13535	_	_	start_char=76749|end_char=76751
13537	inconceivable	_	_	_	_	13536	_	_	start_char=76752|end_char=76765
13538	difficulty	_	_	_	_	13537	_	_	start_char=76766|end_char=76776
13539	and	_	_	_	_	13538	_	_	start_char=76777|end_char=76780
13540	labour.	_	_	_	_	13539	_	_	start_char=76781|end_char=76788
13541	I	_	_	_	_	13540	_	_	start_char=76789|end_char=76790
13542	doubted	_	_	_	_	13541	_	_	start_char=76791|end_char=76798
13543	at	_	_	_	_	13542	_	_	start_char=76799|end_char=76801
13544	first	_	_	_	_	13543	_	_	start_char=76802|end_char=76807
13545	whether	_	_	_	_	13544	_	_	start_char=76808|end_char=76815
13546	I	_	_	_	_	13545	_	_	start_char=76816|end_char=76817
13547	should	_	_	_	_	13546	_	_	start_char=76818|end_char=76824
13548	attempt	_	_	_	_	13547	_	_	start_char=76825|end_char=76832
13549	the	_	_	_	_	13548	_	_	start_char=76833|end_char=76836
13550	creation	_	_	_	_	13549	_	_	start_char=76837|end_char=76845
13551	of	_	_	_	_	13550	_	_	start_char=76846|end_char=76848
13552	a	_	_	_	_	13551	_	_	start_char=76849|end_char=76850
13553	being	_	_	_	_	13552	_	_	start_char=76851|end_char=76856
13554	like	_	_	_	_	13553	_	_	start_char=76857|end_char=76861
13555	myself,	_	_	_	_	13554	_	_	start_char=76862|end_char=76869
13556	or	_	_	_	_	13555	_	_	start_char=76870|end_char=76872
13557	one	_	_	_	_	13556	_	_	start_char=76873|end_char=76876
13558	of	_	_	_	_	13557	_	_	start_char=76877|end_char=76879
13559	simpler	_	_	_	_	13558	_	_	start_char=76880|end_char=76887
13560	organization;	_	_	_	_	13559	_	_	start_char=76888|end_char=76901
13561	but	_	_	_	_	13560	_	_	start_char=76902|end_char=76905
13562	my	_	_	_	_	13561	_	_	start_char=76906|end_char=76908
13563	imagination	_	_	_	_	13562	_	_	start_char=76909|end_char=76920
13564	was	_	_	_	_	13563	_	_	start_char=76921|end_char=76924
13565	too	_	_	_	_	13564	_	_	start_char=76925|end_char=76928
13566	much	_	_	_	_	13565	_	_	start_char=76929|end_char=76933
13567	exalted	_	_	_	_	13566	_	_	start_char=76934|end_char=76941
13568	by	_	_	_	_	13567	_	_	start_char=76942|end_char=76944
13569	my	_	_	_	_	13568	_	_	start_char=76945|end_char=76947
13570	first	_	_	_	_	13569	_	_	start_char=76948|end_char=76953
13571	success	_	_	_	_	13570	_	_	start_char=76954|end_char=76961
13572	to	_	_	_	_	13571	_	_	start_char=76962|end_char=76964
13573	permit	_	_	_	_	13572	_	_	start_char=76965|end_char=76971
13574	me	_	_	_	_	13573	_	_	start_char=76972|end_char=76974
13575	to	_	_	_	_	13574	_	_	start_char=76975|end_char=76977
13576	doubt	_	_	_	_	13575	_	_	start_char=76978|end_char=76983
13577	of	_	_	_	_	13576	_	_	start_char=76984|end_char=76986
13578	my	_	_	_	_	13577	_	_	start_char=76987|end_char=76989
13579	ability	_	_	_	_	13578	_	_	start_char=76990|end_char=76997
13580	to	_	_	_	_	13579	_	_	start_char=76998|end_char=77000
13581	give	_	_	_	_	13580	_	_	start_char=77001|end_char=77005
13582	life	_	_	_	_	13581	_	_	start_char=77006|end_char=77010
13583	to	_	_	_	_	13582	_	_	start_char=77011|end_char=77013
13584	an	_	_	_	_	13583	_	_	start_char=77014|end_char=77016
13585	animal	_	_	_	_	13584	_	_	start_char=77017|end_char=77023
13586	as	_	_	_	_	13585	_	_	start_char=77024|end_char=77026
13587	complex	_	_	_	_	13586	_	_	start_char=77027|end_char=77034
13588	and	_	_	_	_	13587	_	_	start_char=77035|end_char=77038
13589	wonderful	_	_	_	_	13588	_	_	start_char=77039|end_char=77048
13590	as	_	_	_	_	13589	_	_	start_char=77049|end_char=77051
13591	man.	_	_	_	_	13590	_	_	start_char=77052|end_char=77056
13592	The	_	_	_	_	13591	_	_	start_char=77057|end_char=77060
13593	materials	_	_	_	_	13592	_	_	start_char=77061|end_char=77070
13594	at	_	_	_	_	13593	_	_	start_char=77071|end_char=77073
13595	present	_	_	_	_	13594	_	_	start_char=77074|end_char=77081
13596	within	_	_	_	_	13595	_	_	start_char=77082|end_char=77088
13597	my	_	_	_	_	13596	_	_	start_char=77089|end_char=77091
13598	command	_	_	_	_	13597	_	_	start_char=77092|end_char=77099
13599	hardly	_	_	_	_	13598	_	_	start_char=77100|end_char=77106
13600	appeared	_	_	_	_	13599	_	_	start_char=77107|end_char=77115
13601	adequate	_	_	_	_	13600	_	_	start_char=77116|end_char=77124
13602	to	_	_	_	_	13601	_	_	start_char=77125|end_char=77127
13603	so	_	_	_	_	13602	_	_	start_char=77128|end_char=77130
13604	arduous	_	_	_	_	13603	_	_	start_char=77131|end_char=77138
13605	an	_	_	_	_	13604	_	_	start_char=77139|end_char=77141
13606	undertaking,	_	_	_	_	13605	_	_	start_char=77142|end_char=77154
13607	but	_	_	_	_	13606	_	_	start_char=77155|end_char=77158
13608	I	_	_	_	_	13607	_	_	start_char=77159|end_char=77160
13609	doubted	_	_	_	_	13608	_	_	start_char=77161|end_char=77168
13610	not	_	_	_	_	13609	_	_	start_char=77169|end_char=77172
13611	that	_	_	_	_	13610	_	_	start_char=77173|end_char=77177
13612	I	_	_	_	_	13611	_	_	start_char=77178|end_char=77179
13613	should	_	_	_	_	13612	_	_	start_char=77180|end_char=77186
13614	ultimately	_	_	_	_	13613	_	_	start_char=77187|end_char=77197
13615	succeed.	_	_	_	_	13614	_	_	start_char=77198|end_char=77206
13616	I	_	_	_	_	13615	_	_	start_char=77207|end_char=77208
13617	prepared	_	_	_	_	13616	_	_	start_char=77209|end_char=77217
13618	myself	_	_	_	_	13617	_	_	start_char=77218|end_char=77224
13619	for	_	_	_	_	13618	_	_	start_char=77225|end_char=77228
13620	a	_	_	_	_	13619	_	_	start_char=77229|end_char=77230
13621	multitude	_	_	_	_	13620	_	_	start_char=77231|end_char=77240
13622	of	_	_	_	_	13621	_	_	start_char=77241|end_char=77243
13623	reverses;	_	_	_	_	13622	_	_	start_char=77244|end_char=77253
13624	my	_	_	_	_	13623	_	_	start_char=77254|end_char=77256
13625	operations	_	_	_	_	13624	_	_	start_char=77257|end_char=77267
13626	might	_	_	_	_	13625	_	_	start_char=77268|end_char=77273
13627	be	_	_	_	_	13626	_	_	start_char=77274|end_char=77276
13628	incessantly	_	_	_	_	13627	_	_	start_char=77277|end_char=77288
13629	baffled,	_	_	_	_	13628	_	_	start_char=77289|end_char=77297
13630	and	_	_	_	_	13629	_	_	start_char=77298|end_char=77301
13631	at	_	_	_	_	13630	_	_	start_char=77302|end_char=77304
13632	last	_	_	_	_	13631	_	_	start_char=77305|end_char=77309
13633	my	_	_	_	_	13632	_	_	start_char=77310|end_char=77312
13634	work	_	_	_	_	13633	_	_	start_char=77313|end_char=77317
13635	be	_	_	_	_	13634	_	_	start_char=77318|end_char=77320
13636	imperfect,	_	_	_	_	13635	_	_	start_char=77321|end_char=77331
13637	yet	_	_	_	_	13636	_	_	start_char=77332|end_char=77335
13638	when	_	_	_	_	13637	_	_	start_char=77336|end_char=77340
13639	I	_	_	_	_	13638	_	_	start_char=77341|end_char=77342
13640	considered	_	_	_	_	13639	_	_	start_char=77343|end_char=77353
13641	the	_	_	_	_	13640	_	_	start_char=77354|end_char=77357
13642	improvement	_	_	_	_	13641	_	_	start_char=77358|end_char=77369
13643	which	_	_	_	_	13642	_	_	start_char=77370|end_char=77375
13644	every	_	_	_	_	13643	_	_	start_char=77376|end_char=77381
13645	day	_	_	_	_	13644	_	_	start_char=77382|end_char=77385
13646	takes	_	_	_	_	13645	_	_	start_char=77386|end_char=77391
13647	place	_	_	_	_	13646	_	_	start_char=77392|end_char=77397
13648	in	_	_	_	_	13647	_	_	start_char=77398|end_char=77400
13649	science	_	_	_	_	13648	_	_	start_char=77401|end_char=77408
13650	and	_	_	_	_	13649	_	_	start_char=77409|end_char=77412
13651	mechanics,	_	_	_	_	13650	_	_	start_char=77413|end_char=77423
13652	I	_	_	_	_	13651	_	_	start_char=77424|end_char=77425
13653	was	_	_	_	_	13652	_	_	start_char=77426|end_char=77429
13654	encouraged	_	_	_	_	13653	_	_	start_char=77430|end_char=77440
13655	to	_	_	_	_	13654	_	_	start_char=77441|end_char=77443
13656	hope	_	_	_	_	13655	_	_	start_char=77444|end_char=77448
13657	my	_	_	_	_	13656	_	_	start_char=77449|end_char=77451
13658	present	_	_	_	_	13657	_	_	start_char=77452|end_char=77459
13659	attempts	_	_	_	_	13658	_	_	start_char=77460|end_char=77468
13660	would	_	_	_	_	13659	_	_	start_char=77469|end_char=77474
13661	at	_	_	_	_	13660	_	_	start_char=77475|end_char=77477
13662	least	_	_	_	_	13661	_	_	start_char=77478|end_char=77483
13663	lay	_	_	_	_	13662	_	_	start_char=77484|end_char=77487
13664	the	_	_	_	_	13663	_	_	start_char=77488|end_char=77491
13665	foundations	_	_	_	_	13664	_	_	start_char=77492|end_char=77503
13666	of	_	_	_	_	13665	_	_	start_char=77504|end_char=77506
13667	future	_	_	_	_	13666	_	_	start_char=77507|end_char=77513
13668	success.	_	_	_	_	13667	_	_	start_char=77514|end_char=77522
13669	Nor	_	_	_	_	13668	_	_	start_char=77523|end_char=77526
13670	could	_	_	_	_	13669	_	_	start_char=77527|end_char=77532
13671	I	_	_	_	_	13670	_	_	start_char=77533|end_char=77534
13672	consider	_	_	_	_	13671	_	_	start_char=77535|end_char=77543
13673	the	_	_	_	_	13672	_	_	start_char=77544|end_char=77547
13674	magnitude	_	_	_	_	13673	_	_	start_char=77548|end_char=77557
13675	and	_	_	_	_	13674	_	_	start_char=77558|end_char=77561
13676	complexity	_	_	_	_	13675	_	_	start_char=77562|end_char=77572
13677	of	_	_	_	_	13676	_	_	start_char=77573|end_char=77575
13678	my	_	_	_	_	13677	_	_	start_char=77576|end_char=77578
13679	plan	_	_	_	_	13678	_	_	start_char=77579|end_char=77583
13680	as	_	_	_	_	13679	_	_	start_char=77584|end_char=77586
13681	any	_	_	_	_	13680	_	_	start_char=77587|end_char=77590
13682	argument	_	_	_	_	13681	_	_	start_char=77591|end_char=77599
13683	of	_	_	_	_	13682	_	_	start_char=77600|end_char=77602
13684	its	_	_	_	_	13683	_	_	start_char=77603|end_char=77606
13685	impracticability.	_	_	_	_	13684	_	_	start_char=77607|end_char=77624
13686	It	_	_	_	_	13685	_	_	start_char=77625|end_char=77627
13687	was	_	_	_	_	13686	_	_	start_char=77628|end_char=77631
13688	with	_	_	_	_	13687	_	_	start_char=77632|end_char=77636
13689	these	_	_	_	_	13688	_	_	start_char=77637|end_char=77642
13690	feelings	_	_	_	_	13689	_	_	start_char=77643|end_char=77651
13691	that	_	_	_	_	13690	_	_	start_char=77652|end_char=77656
13692	I	_	_	_	_	13691	_	_	start_char=77657|end_char=77658
13693	began	_	_	_	_	13692	_	_	start_char=77659|end_char=77664
13694	the	_	_	_	_	13693	_	_	start_char=77665|end_char=77668
13695	creation	_	_	_	_	13694	_	_	start_char=77669|end_char=77677
13696	of	_	_	_	_	13695	_	_	start_char=77678|end_char=77680
13697	a	_	_	_	_	13696	_	_	start_char=77681|end_char=77682
13698	human	_	_	_	_	13697	_	_	start_char=77683|end_char=77688
13699	being.	_	_	_	_	13698	_	_	start_char=77689|end_char=77695
13700	As	_	_	_	_	13699	_	_	start_char=77696|end_char=77698
13701	the	_	_	_	_	13700	_	_	start_char=77699|end_char=77702
13702	minuteness	_	_	_	_	13701	_	_	start_char=77703|end_char=77713
13703	of	_	_	_	_	13702	_	_	start_char=77714|end_char=77716
13704	the	_	_	_	_	13703	_	_	start_char=77717|end_char=77720
13705	parts	_	_	_	_	13704	_	_	start_char=77721|end_char=77726
13706	formed	_	_	_	_	13705	_	_	start_char=77727|end_char=77733
13707	a	_	_	_	_	13706	_	_	start_char=77734|end_char=77735
13708	great	_	_	_	_	13707	_	_	start_char=77736|end_char=77741
13709	hindrance	_	_	_	_	13708	_	_	start_char=77742|end_char=77751
13710	to	_	_	_	_	13709	_	_	start_char=77752|end_char=77754
13711	my	_	_	_	_	13710	_	_	start_char=77755|end_char=77757
13712	speed,	_	_	_	_	13711	_	_	start_char=77758|end_char=77764
13713	I	_	_	_	_	13712	_	_	start_char=77765|end_char=77766
13714	resolved,	_	_	_	_	13713	_	_	start_char=77767|end_char=77776
13715	contrary	_	_	_	_	13714	_	_	start_char=77777|end_char=77785
13716	to	_	_	_	_	13715	_	_	start_char=77786|end_char=77788
13717	my	_	_	_	_	13716	_	_	start_char=77789|end_char=77791
13718	first	_	_	_	_	13717	_	_	start_char=77792|end_char=77797
13719	intention,	_	_	_	_	13718	_	_	start_char=77798|end_char=77808
13720	to	_	_	_	_	13719	_	_	start_char=77809|end_char=77811
13721	make	_	_	_	_	13720	_	_	start_char=77812|end_char=77816
13722	the	_	_	_	_	13721	_	_	start_char=77817|end_char=77820
13723	being	_	_	_	_	13722	_	_	start_char=77821|end_char=77826
13724	of	_	_	_	_	13723	_	_	start_char=77827|end_char=77829
13725	a	_	_	_	_	13724	_	_	start_char=77830|end_char=77831
13726	gigantic	_	_	_	_	13725	_	_	start_char=77832|end_char=77840
13727	stature,	_	_	_	_	13726	_	_	start_char=77841|end_char=77849
13728	that	_	_	_	_	13727	_	_	start_char=77850|end_char=77854
13729	is	_	_	_	_	13728	_	_	start_char=77855|end_char=77857
13730	to	_	_	_	_	13729	_	_	start_char=77858|end_char=77860
13731	say,	_	_	_	_	13730	_	_	start_char=77861|end_char=77865
13732	about	_	_	_	_	13731	_	_	start_char=77866|end_char=77871
13733	eight	_	_	_	_	13732	_	_	start_char=77872|end_char=77877
13734	feet	_	_	_	_	13733	_	_	start_char=77878|end_char=77882
13735	in	_	_	_	_	13734	_	_	start_char=77883|end_char=77885
13736	height,	_	_	_	_	13735	_	_	start_char=77886|end_char=77893
13737	and	_	_	_	_	13736	_	_	start_char=77894|end_char=77897
13738	proportionably	_	_	_	_	13737	_	_	start_char=77898|end_char=77912
13739	large.	_	_	_	_	13738	_	_	start_char=77913|end_char=77919
13740	After	_	_	_	_	13739	_	_	start_char=77920|end_char=77925
13741	having	_	_	_	_	13740	_	_	start_char=77926|end_char=77932
13742	formed	_	_	_	_	13741	_	_	start_char=77933|end_char=77939
13743	this	_	_	_	_	13742	_	_	start_char=77940|end_char=77944
13744	determination	_	_	_	_	13743	_	_	start_char=77945|end_char=77958
13745	and	_	_	_	_	13744	_	_	start_char=77959|end_char=77962
13746	having	_	_	_	_	13745	_	_	start_char=77963|end_char=77969
13747	spent	_	_	_	_	13746	_	_	start_char=77970|end_char=77975
13748	some	_	_	_	_	13747	_	_	start_char=77976|end_char=77980
13749	months	_	_	_	_	13748	_	_	start_char=77981|end_char=77987
13750	in	_	_	_	_	13749	_	_	start_char=77988|end_char=77990
13751	successfully	_	_	_	_	13750	_	_	start_char=77991|end_char=78003
13752	collecting	_	_	_	_	13751	_	_	start_char=78004|end_char=78014
13753	and	_	_	_	_	13752	_	_	start_char=78015|end_char=78018
13754	arranging	_	_	_	_	13753	_	_	start_char=78019|end_char=78028
13755	my	_	_	_	_	13754	_	_	start_char=78029|end_char=78031
13756	materials,	_	_	_	_	13755	_	_	start_char=78032|end_char=78042
13757	I	_	_	_	_	13756	_	_	start_char=78043|end_char=78044
13758	began.	_	_	_	_	13757	_	_	start_char=78045|end_char=78051
13759	No	_	_	_	_	13758	_	_	start_char=78052|end_char=78054
13760	one	_	_	_	_	13759	_	_	start_char=78055|end_char=78058
13761	can	_	_	_	_	13760	_	_	start_char=78059|end_char=78062
13762	conceive	_	_	_	_	13761	_	_	start_char=78063|end_char=78071
13763	the	_	_	_	_	13762	_	_	start_char=78072|end_char=78075
13764	variety	_	_	_	_	13763	_	_	start_char=78076|end_char=78083
13765	of	_	_	_	_	13764	_	_	start_char=78084|end_char=78086
13766	feelings	_	_	_	_	13765	_	_	start_char=78087|end_char=78095
13767	which	_	_	_	_	13766	_	_	start_char=78096|end_char=78101
13768	bore	_	_	_	_	13767	_	_	start_char=78102|end_char=78106
13769	me	_	_	_	_	13768	_	_	start_char=78107|end_char=78109
13770	onwards,	_	_	_	_	13769	_	_	start_char=78110|end_char=78118
13771	like	_	_	_	_	13770	_	_	start_char=78119|end_char=78123
13772	a	_	_	_	_	13771	_	_	start_char=78124|end_char=78125
13773	hurricane,	_	_	_	_	13772	_	_	start_char=78126|end_char=78136
13774	in	_	_	_	_	13773	_	_	start_char=78137|end_char=78139
13775	the	_	_	_	_	13774	_	_	start_char=78140|end_char=78143
13776	first	_	_	_	_	13775	_	_	start_char=78144|end_char=78149
13777	enthusiasm	_	_	_	_	13776	_	_	start_char=78150|end_char=78160
13778	of	_	_	_	_	13777	_	_	start_char=78161|end_char=78163
13779	success.	_	_	_	_	13778	_	_	start_char=78164|end_char=78172
13780	Life	_	_	_	_	13779	_	_	start_char=78173|end_char=78177
13781	and	_	_	_	_	13780	_	_	start_char=78178|end_char=78181
13782	death	_	_	_	_	13781	_	_	start_char=78182|end_char=78187
13783	appeared	_	_	_	_	13782	_	_	start_char=78188|end_char=78196
13784	to	_	_	_	_	13783	_	_	start_char=78197|end_char=78199
13785	me	_	_	_	_	13784	_	_	start_char=78200|end_char=78202
13786	ideal	_	_	_	_	13785	_	_	start_char=78203|end_char=78208
13787	bounds,	_	_	_	_	13786	_	_	start_char=78209|end_char=78216
13788	which	_	_	_	_	13787	_	_	start_char=78217|end_char=78222
13789	I	_	_	_	_	13788	_	_	start_char=78223|end_char=78224
13790	should	_	_	_	_	13789	_	_	start_char=78225|end_char=78231
13791	first	_	_	_	_	13790	_	_	start_char=78232|end_char=78237
13792	break	_	_	_	_	13791	_	_	start_char=78238|end_char=78243
13793	through,	_	_	_	_	13792	_	_	start_char=78244|end_char=78252
13794	and	_	_	_	_	13793	_	_	start_char=78253|end_char=78256
13795	pour	_	_	_	_	13794	_	_	start_char=78257|end_char=78261
13796	a	_	_	_	_	13795	_	_	start_char=78262|end_char=78263
13797	torrent	_	_	_	_	13796	_	_	start_char=78264|end_char=78271
13798	of	_	_	_	_	13797	_	_	start_char=78272|end_char=78274
13799	light	_	_	_	_	13798	_	_	start_char=78275|end_char=78280
13800	into	_	_	_	_	13799	_	_	start_char=78281|end_char=78285
13801	our	_	_	_	_	13800	_	_	start_char=78286|end_char=78289
13802	dark	_	_	_	_	13801	_	_	start_char=78290|end_char=78294
13803	world.	_	_	_	_	13802	_	_	start_char=78295|end_char=78301
13804	A	_	_	_	_	13803	_	_	start_char=78302|end_char=78303
13805	new	_	_	_	_	13804	_	_	start_char=78304|end_char=78307
13806	species	_	_	_	_	13805	_	_	start_char=78308|end_char=78315
13807	would	_	_	_	_	13806	_	_	start_char=78316|end_char=78321
13808	bless	_	_	_	_	13807	_	_	start_char=78322|end_char=78327
13809	me	_	_	_	_	13808	_	_	start_char=78328|end_char=78330
13810	as	_	_	_	_	13809	_	_	start_char=78331|end_char=78333
13811	its	_	_	_	_	13810	_	_	start_char=78334|end_char=78337
13812	creator	_	_	_	_	13811	_	_	start_char=78338|end_char=78345
13813	and	_	_	_	_	13812	_	_	start_char=78346|end_char=78349
13814	source;	_	_	_	_	13813	_	_	start_char=78350|end_char=78357
13815	many	_	_	_	_	13814	_	_	start_char=78358|end_char=78362
13816	happy	_	_	_	_	13815	_	_	start_char=78363|end_char=78368
13817	and	_	_	_	_	13816	_	_	start_char=78369|end_char=78372
13818	excellent	_	_	_	_	13817	_	_	start_char=78373|end_char=78382
13819	natures	_	_	_	_	13818	_	_	start_char=78383|end_char=78390
13820	would	_	_	_	_	13819	_	_	start_char=78391|end_char=78396
13821	owe	_	_	_	_	13820	_	_	start_char=78397|end_char=78400
13822	their	_	_	_	_	13821	_	_	start_char=78401|end_char=78406
13823	being	_	_	_	_	13822	_	_	start_char=78407|end_char=78412
13824	to	_	_	_	_	13823	_	_	start_char=78413|end_char=78415
13825	me.	_	_	_	_	13824	_	_	start_char=78416|end_char=78419
13826	No	_	_	_	_	13825	_	_	start_char=78420|end_char=78422
13827	father	_	_	_	_	13826	_	_	start_char=78423|end_char=78429
13828	could	_	_	_	_	13827	_	_	start_char=78430|end_char=78435
13829	claim	_	_	_	_	13828	_	_	start_char=78436|end_char=78441
13830	the	_	_	_	_	13829	_	_	start_char=78442|end_char=78445
13831	gratitude	_	_	_	_	13830	_	_	start_char=78446|end_char=78455
13832	of	_	_	_	_	13831	_	_	start_char=78456|end_char=78458
13833	his	_	_	_	_	13832	_	_	start_char=78459|end_char=78462
13834	child	_	_	_	_	13833	_	_	start_char=78463|end_char=78468
13835	so	_	_	_	_	13834	_	_	start_char=78469|end_char=78471
13836	completely	_	_	_	_	13835	_	_	start_char=78472|end_char=78482
13837	as	_	_	_	_	13836	_	_	start_char=78483|end_char=78485
13838	I	_	_	_	_	13837	_	_	start_char=78486|end_char=78487
13839	should	_	_	_	_	13838	_	_	start_char=78488|end_char=78494
13840	deserve	_	_	_	_	13839	_	_	start_char=78495|end_char=78502
13841	theirs.	_	_	_	_	13840	_	_	start_char=78503|end_char=78510
13842	Pursuing	_	_	_	_	13841	_	_	start_char=78511|end_char=78519
13843	these	_	_	_	_	13842	_	_	start_char=78520|end_char=78525
13844	reflections,	_	_	_	_	13843	_	_	start_char=78526|end_char=78538
13845	I	_	_	_	_	13844	_	_	start_char=78539|end_char=78540
13846	thought	_	_	_	_	13845	_	_	start_char=78541|end_char=78548
13847	that	_	_	_	_	13846	_	_	start_char=78549|end_char=78553
13848	if	_	_	_	_	13847	_	_	start_char=78554|end_char=78556
13849	I	_	_	_	_	13848	_	_	start_char=78557|end_char=78558
13850	could	_	_	_	_	13849	_	_	start_char=78559|end_char=78564
13851	bestow	_	_	_	_	13850	_	_	start_char=78565|end_char=78571
13852	animation	_	_	_	_	13851	_	_	start_char=78572|end_char=78581
13853	upon	_	_	_	_	13852	_	_	start_char=78582|end_char=78586
13854	lifeless	_	_	_	_	13853	_	_	start_char=78587|end_char=78595
13855	matter,	_	_	_	_	13854	_	_	start_char=78596|end_char=78603
13856	I	_	_	_	_	13855	_	_	start_char=78604|end_char=78605
13857	might	_	_	_	_	13856	_	_	start_char=78606|end_char=78611
13858	in	_	_	_	_	13857	_	_	start_char=78612|end_char=78614
13859	process	_	_	_	_	13858	_	_	start_char=78615|end_char=78622
13860	of	_	_	_	_	13859	_	_	start_char=78623|end_char=78625
13861	time	_	_	_	_	13860	_	_	start_char=78626|end_char=78630
13862	(although	_	_	_	_	13861	_	_	start_char=78631|end_char=78640
13863	I	_	_	_	_	13862	_	_	start_char=78641|end_char=78642
13864	now	_	_	_	_	13863	_	_	start_char=78643|end_char=78646
13865	found	_	_	_	_	13864	_	_	start_char=78647|end_char=78652
13866	it	_	_	_	_	13865	_	_	start_char=78653|end_char=78655
13867	impossible)	_	_	_	_	13866	_	_	start_char=78656|end_char=78667
13868	renew	_	_	_	_	13867	_	_	start_char=78668|end_char=78673
13869	life	_	_	_	_	13868	_	_	start_char=78674|end_char=78678
13870	where	_	_	_	_	13869	_	_	start_char=78679|end_char=78684
13871	death	_	_	_	_	13870	_	_	start_char=78685|end_char=78690
13872	had	_	_	_	_	13871	_	_	start_char=78691|end_char=78694
13873	apparently	_	_	_	_	13872	_	_	start_char=78695|end_char=78705
13874	devoted	_	_	_	_	13873	_	_	start_char=78706|end_char=78713
13875	the	_	_	_	_	13874	_	_	start_char=78714|end_char=78717
13876	body	_	_	_	_	13875	_	_	start_char=78718|end_char=78722
13877	to	_	_	_	_	13876	_	_	start_char=78723|end_char=78725
13878	corruption.	_	_	_	_	13877	_	_	start_char=78726|end_char=78737
13879	These	_	_	_	_	13878	_	_	start_char=78738|end_char=78743
13880	thoughts	_	_	_	_	13879	_	_	start_char=78744|end_char=78752
13881	supported	_	_	_	_	13880	_	_	start_char=78753|end_char=78762
13882	my	_	_	_	_	13881	_	_	start_char=78763|end_char=78765
13883	spirits,	_	_	_	_	13882	_	_	start_char=78766|end_char=78774
13884	while	_	_	_	_	13883	_	_	start_char=78775|end_char=78780
13885	I	_	_	_	_	13884	_	_	start_char=78781|end_char=78782
13886	pursued	_	_	_	_	13885	_	_	start_char=78783|end_char=78790
13887	my	_	_	_	_	13886	_	_	start_char=78791|end_char=78793
13888	undertaking	_	_	_	_	13887	_	_	start_char=78794|end_char=78805
13889	with	_	_	_	_	13888	_	_	start_char=78806|end_char=78810
13890	unremitting	_	_	_	_	13889	_	_	start_char=78811|end_char=78822
13891	ardour.	_	_	_	_	13890	_	_	start_char=78823|end_char=78830
13892	My	_	_	_	_	13891	_	_	start_char=78831|end_char=78833
13893	cheek	_	_	_	_	13892	_	_	start_char=78834|end_char=78839
13894	had	_	_	_	_	13893	_	_	start_char=78840|end_char=78843
13895	grown	_	_	_	_	13894	_	_	start_char=78844|end_char=78849
13896	pale	_	_	_	_	13895	_	_	start_char=78850|end_char=78854
13897	with	_	_	_	_	13896	_	_	start_char=78855|end_char=78859
13898	study,	_	_	_	_	13897	_	_	start_char=78860|end_char=78866
13899	and	_	_	_	_	13898	_	_	start_char=78867|end_char=78870
13900	my	_	_	_	_	13899	_	_	start_char=78871|end_char=78873
13901	person	_	_	_	_	13900	_	_	start_char=78874|end_char=78880
13902	had	_	_	_	_	13901	_	_	start_char=78881|end_char=78884
13903	become	_	_	_	_	13902	_	_	start_char=78885|end_char=78891
13904	emaciated	_	_	_	_	13903	_	_	start_char=78892|end_char=78901
13905	with	_	_	_	_	13904	_	_	start_char=78902|end_char=78906
13906	confinement.	_	_	_	_	13905	_	_	start_char=78907|end_char=78919
13907	Sometimes,	_	_	_	_	13906	_	_	start_char=78920|end_char=78930
13908	on	_	_	_	_	13907	_	_	start_char=78931|end_char=78933
13909	the	_	_	_	_	13908	_	_	start_char=78934|end_char=78937
13910	very	_	_	_	_	13909	_	_	start_char=78938|end_char=78942
13911	brink	_	_	_	_	13910	_	_	start_char=78943|end_char=78948
13912	of	_	_	_	_	13911	_	_	start_char=78949|end_char=78951
13913	certainty,	_	_	_	_	13912	_	_	start_char=78952|end_char=78962
13914	I	_	_	_	_	13913	_	_	start_char=78963|end_char=78964
13915	failed;	_	_	_	_	13914	_	_	start_char=78965|end_char=78972
13916	yet	_	_	_	_	13915	_	_	start_char=78973|end_char=78976
13917	still	_	_	_	_	13916	_	_	start_char=78977|end_char=78982
13918	I	_	_	_	_	13917	_	_	start_char=78983|end_char=78984
13919	clung	_	_	_	_	13918	_	_	start_char=78985|end_char=78990
13920	to	_	_	_	_	13919	_	_	start_char=78991|end_char=78993
13921	the	_	_	_	_	13920	_	_	start_char=78994|end_char=78997
13922	hope	_	_	_	_	13921	_	_	start_char=78998|end_char=79002
13923	which	_	_	_	_	13922	_	_	start_char=79003|end_char=79008
13924	the	_	_	_	_	13923	_	_	start_char=79009|end_char=79012
13925	next	_	_	_	_	13924	_	_	start_char=79013|end_char=79017
13926	day	_	_	_	_	13925	_	_	start_char=79018|end_char=79021
13927	or	_	_	_	_	13926	_	_	start_char=79022|end_char=79024
13928	the	_	_	_	_	13927	_	_	start_char=79025|end_char=79028
13929	next	_	_	_	_	13928	_	_	start_char=79029|end_char=79033
13930	hour	_	_	_	_	13929	_	_	start_char=79034|end_char=79038
13931	might	_	_	_	_	13930	_	_	start_char=79039|end_char=79044
13932	realise.	_	_	_	_	13931	_	_	start_char=79045|end_char=79053
13933	One	_	_	_	_	13932	_	_	start_char=79054|end_char=79057
13934	secret	_	_	_	_	13933	_	_	start_char=79058|end_char=79064
13935	which	_	_	_	_	13934	_	_	start_char=79065|end_char=79070
13936	I	_	_	_	_	13935	_	_	start_char=79071|end_char=79072
13937	alone	_	_	_	_	13936	_	_	start_char=79073|end_char=79078
13938	possessed	_	_	_	_	13937	_	_	start_char=79079|end_char=79088
13939	was	_	_	_	_	13938	_	_	start_char=79089|end_char=79092
13940	the	_	_	_	_	13939	_	_	start_char=79093|end_char=79096
13941	hope	_	_	_	_	13940	_	_	start_char=79097|end_char=79101
13942	to	_	_	_	_	13941	_	_	start_char=79102|end_char=79104
13943	which	_	_	_	_	13942	_	_	start_char=79105|end_char=79110
13944	I	_	_	_	_	13943	_	_	start_char=79111|end_char=79112
13945	had	_	_	_	_	13944	_	_	start_char=79113|end_char=79116
13946	dedicated	_	_	_	_	13945	_	_	start_char=79117|end_char=79126
13947	myself;	_	_	_	_	13946	_	_	start_char=79127|end_char=79134
13948	and	_	_	_	_	13947	_	_	start_char=79135|end_char=79138
13949	the	_	_	_	_	13948	_	_	start_char=79139|end_char=79142
13950	moon	_	_	_	_	13949	_	_	start_char=79143|end_char=79147
13951	gazed	_	_	_	_	13950	_	_	start_char=79148|end_char=79153
13952	on	_	_	_	_	13951	_	_	start_char=79154|end_char=79156
13953	my	_	_	_	_	13952	_	_	start_char=79157|end_char=79159
13954	midnight	_	_	_	_	13953	_	_	start_char=79160|end_char=79168
13955	labours,	_	_	_	_	13954	_	_	start_char=79169|end_char=79177
13956	while,	_	_	_	_	13955	_	_	start_char=79178|end_char=79184
13957	with	_	_	_	_	13956	_	_	start_char=79185|end_char=79189
13958	unrelaxed	_	_	_	_	13957	_	_	start_char=79190|end_char=79199
13959	and	_	_	_	_	13958	_	_	start_char=79200|end_char=79203
13960	breathless	_	_	_	_	13959	_	_	start_char=79204|end_char=79214
13961	eagerness,	_	_	_	_	13960	_	_	start_char=79215|end_char=79225
13962	I	_	_	_	_	13961	_	_	start_char=79226|end_char=79227
13963	pursued	_	_	_	_	13962	_	_	start_char=79228|end_char=79235
13964	nature	_	_	_	_	13963	_	_	start_char=79236|end_char=79242
13965	to	_	_	_	_	13964	_	_	start_char=79243|end_char=79245
13966	her	_	_	_	_	13965	_	_	start_char=79246|end_char=79249
13967	hiding-places.	_	_	_	_	13966	_	_	start_char=79250|end_char=79264
13968	Who	_	_	_	_	13967	_	_	start_char=79265|end_char=79268
13969	shall	_	_	_	_	13968	_	_	start_char=79269|end_char=79274
13970	conceive	_	_	_	_	13969	_	_	start_char=79275|end_char=79283
13971	the	_	_	_	_	13970	_	_	start_char=79284|end_char=79287
13972	horrors	_	_	_	_	13971	_	_	start_char=79288|end_char=79295
13973	of	_	_	_	_	13972	_	_	start_char=79296|end_char=79298
13974	my	_	_	_	_	13973	_	_	start_char=79299|end_char=79301
13975	secret	_	_	_	_	13974	_	_	start_char=79302|end_char=79308
13976	toil	_	_	_	_	13975	_	_	start_char=79309|end_char=79313
13977	as	_	_	_	_	13976	_	_	start_char=79314|end_char=79316
13978	I	_	_	_	_	13977	_	_	start_char=79317|end_char=79318
13979	dabbled	_	_	_	_	13978	_	_	start_char=79319|end_char=79326
13980	among	_	_	_	_	13979	_	_	start_char=79327|end_char=79332
13981	the	_	_	_	_	13980	_	_	start_char=79333|end_char=79336
13982	unhallowed	_	_	_	_	13981	_	_	start_char=79337|end_char=79347
13983	damps	_	_	_	_	13982	_	_	start_char=79348|end_char=79353
13984	of	_	_	_	_	13983	_	_	start_char=79354|end_char=79356
13985	the	_	_	_	_	13984	_	_	start_char=79357|end_char=79360
13986	grave	_	_	_	_	13985	_	_	start_char=79361|end_char=79366
13987	or	_	_	_	_	13986	_	_	start_char=79367|end_char=79369
13988	tortured	_	_	_	_	13987	_	_	start_char=79370|end_char=79378
13989	the	_	_	_	_	13988	_	_	start_char=79379|end_char=79382
13990	living	_	_	_	_	13989	_	_	start_char=79383|end_char=79389
13991	animal	_	_	_	_	13990	_	_	start_char=79390|end_char=79396
13992	to	_	_	_	_	13991	_	_	start_char=79397|end_char=79399
13993	animate	_	_	_	_	13992	_	_	start_char=79400|end_char=79407
13994	the	_	_	_	_	13993	_	_	start_char=79408|end_char=79411
13995	lifeless	_	_	_	_	13994	_	_	start_char=79412|end_char=79420
13996	clay?	_	_	_	_	13995	_	_	start_char=79421|end_char=79426
13997	My	_	_	_	_	13996	_	_	start_char=79427|end_char=79429
13998	limbs	_	_	_	_	13997	_	_	start_char=79430|end_char=79435
13999	now	_	_	_	_	13998	_	_	start_char=79436|end_char=79439
14000	tremble,	_	_	_	_	13999	_	_	start_char=79440|end_char=79448
14001	and	_	_	_	_	14000	_	_	start_char=79449|end_char=79452
14002	my	_	_	_	_	14001	_	_	start_char=79453|end_char=79455
14003	eyes	_	_	_	_	14002	_	_	start_char=79456|end_char=79460
14004	swim	_	_	_	_	14003	_	_	start_char=79461|end_char=79465
14005	with	_	_	_	_	14004	_	_	start_char=79466|end_char=79470
14006	the	_	_	_	_	14005	_	_	start_char=79471|end_char=79474
14007	remembrance;	_	_	_	_	14006	_	_	start_char=79475|end_char=79487
14008	but	_	_	_	_	14007	_	_	start_char=79488|end_char=79491
14009	then	_	_	_	_	14008	_	_	start_char=79492|end_char=79496
14010	a	_	_	_	_	14009	_	_	start_char=79497|end_char=79498
14011	resistless	_	_	_	_	14010	_	_	start_char=79499|end_char=79509
14012	and	_	_	_	_	14011	_	_	start_char=79510|end_char=79513
14013	almost	_	_	_	_	14012	_	_	start_char=79514|end_char=79520
14014	frantic	_	_	_	_	14013	_	_	start_char=79521|end_char=79528
14015	impulse	_	_	_	_	14014	_	_	start_char=79529|end_char=79536
14016	urged	_	_	_	_	14015	_	_	start_char=79537|end_char=79542
14017	me	_	_	_	_	14016	_	_	start_char=79543|end_char=79545
14018	forward;	_	_	_	_	14017	_	_	start_char=79546|end_char=79554
14019	I	_	_	_	_	14018	_	_	start_char=79555|end_char=79556
14020	seemed	_	_	_	_	14019	_	_	start_char=79557|end_char=79563
14021	to	_	_	_	_	14020	_	_	start_char=79564|end_char=79566
14022	have	_	_	_	_	14021	_	_	start_char=79567|end_char=79571
14023	lost	_	_	_	_	14022	_	_	start_char=79572|end_char=79576
14024	all	_	_	_	_	14023	_	_	start_char=79577|end_char=79580
14025	soul	_	_	_	_	14024	_	_	start_char=79581|end_char=79585
14026	or	_	_	_	_	14025	_	_	start_char=79586|end_char=79588
14027	sensation	_	_	_	_	14026	_	_	start_char=79589|end_char=79598
14028	but	_	_	_	_	14027	_	_	start_char=79599|end_char=79602
14029	for	_	_	_	_	14028	_	_	start_char=79603|end_char=79606
14030	this	_	_	_	_	14029	_	_	start_char=79607|end_char=79611
14031	one	_	_	_	_	14030	_	_	start_char=79612|end_char=79615
14032	pursuit.	_	_	_	_	14031	_	_	start_char=79616|end_char=79624
14033	It	_	_	_	_	14032	_	_	start_char=79625|end_char=79627
14034	was	_	_	_	_	14033	_	_	start_char=79628|end_char=79631
14035	indeed	_	_	_	_	14034	_	_	start_char=79632|end_char=79638
14036	but	_	_	_	_	14035	_	_	start_char=79639|end_char=79642
14037	a	_	_	_	_	14036	_	_	start_char=79643|end_char=79644
14038	passing	_	_	_	_	14037	_	_	start_char=79645|end_char=79652
14039	trance,	_	_	_	_	14038	_	_	start_char=79653|end_char=79660
14040	that	_	_	_	_	14039	_	_	start_char=79661|end_char=79665
14041	only	_	_	_	_	14040	_	_	start_char=79666|end_char=79670
14042	made	_	_	_	_	14041	_	_	start_char=79671|end_char=79675
14043	me	_	_	_	_	14042	_	_	start_char=79676|end_char=79678
14044	feel	_	_	_	_	14043	_	_	start_char=79679|end_char=79683
14045	with	_	_	_	_	14044	_	_	start_char=79684|end_char=79688
14046	renewed	_	_	_	_	14045	_	_	start_char=79689|end_char=79696
14047	acuteness	_	_	_	_	14046	_	_	start_char=79697|end_char=79706
14048	so	_	_	_	_	14047	_	_	start_char=79707|end_char=79709
14049	soon	_	_	_	_	14048	_	_	start_char=79710|end_char=79714
14050	as,	_	_	_	_	14049	_	_	start_char=79715|end_char=79718
14051	the	_	_	_	_	14050	_	_	start_char=79719|end_char=79722
14052	unnatural	_	_	_	_	14051	_	_	start_char=79723|end_char=79732
14053	stimulus	_	_	_	_	14052	_	_	start_char=79733|end_char=79741
14054	ceasing	_	_	_	_	14053	_	_	start_char=79742|end_char=79749
14055	to	_	_	_	_	14054	_	_	start_char=79750|end_char=79752
14056	operate,	_	_	_	_	14055	_	_	start_char=79753|end_char=79761
14057	I	_	_	_	_	14056	_	_	start_char=79762|end_char=79763
14058	had	_	_	_	_	14057	_	_	start_char=79764|end_char=79767
14059	returned	_	_	_	_	14058	_	_	start_char=79768|end_char=79776
14060	to	_	_	_	_	14059	_	_	start_char=79777|end_char=79779
14061	my	_	_	_	_	14060	_	_	start_char=79780|end_char=79782
14062	old	_	_	_	_	14061	_	_	start_char=79783|end_char=79786
14063	habits.	_	_	_	_	14062	_	_	start_char=79787|end_char=79794
14064	I	_	_	_	_	14063	_	_	start_char=79795|end_char=79796
14065	collected	_	_	_	_	14064	_	_	start_char=79797|end_char=79806
14066	bones	_	_	_	_	14065	_	_	start_char=79807|end_char=79812
14067	from	_	_	_	_	14066	_	_	start_char=79813|end_char=79817
14068	charnel-houses	_	_	_	_	14067	_	_	start_char=79818|end_char=79832
14069	and	_	_	_	_	14068	_	_	start_char=79833|end_char=79836
14070	disturbed,	_	_	_	_	14069	_	_	start_char=79837|end_char=79847
14071	with	_	_	_	_	14070	_	_	start_char=79848|end_char=79852
14072	profane	_	_	_	_	14071	_	_	start_char=79853|end_char=79860
14073	fingers,	_	_	_	_	14072	_	_	start_char=79861|end_char=79869
14074	the	_	_	_	_	14073	_	_	start_char=79870|end_char=79873
14075	tremendous	_	_	_	_	14074	_	_	start_char=79874|end_char=79884
14076	secrets	_	_	_	_	14075	_	_	start_char=79885|end_char=79892
14077	of	_	_	_	_	14076	_	_	start_char=79893|end_char=79895
14078	the	_	_	_	_	14077	_	_	start_char=79896|end_char=79899
14079	human	_	_	_	_	14078	_	_	start_char=79900|end_char=79905
14080	frame.	_	_	_	_	14079	_	_	start_char=79906|end_char=79912
14081	In	_	_	_	_	14080	_	_	start_char=79913|end_char=79915
14082	a	_	_	_	_	14081	_	_	start_char=79916|end_char=79917
14083	solitary	_	_	_	_	14082	_	_	start_char=79918|end_char=79926
14084	chamber,	_	_	_	_	14083	_	_	start_char=79927|end_char=79935
14085	or	_	_	_	_	14084	_	_	start_char=79936|end_char=79938
14086	rather	_	_	_	_	14085	_	_	start_char=79939|end_char=79945
14087	cell,	_	_	_	_	14086	_	_	start_char=79946|end_char=79951
14088	at	_	_	_	_	14087	_	_	start_char=79952|end_char=79954
14089	the	_	_	_	_	14088	_	_	start_char=79955|end_char=79958
14090	top	_	_	_	_	14089	_	_	start_char=79959|end_char=79962
14091	of	_	_	_	_	14090	_	_	start_char=79963|end_char=79965
14092	the	_	_	_	_	14091	_	_	start_char=79966|end_char=79969
14093	house,	_	_	_	_	14092	_	_	start_char=79970|end_char=79976
14094	and	_	_	_	_	14093	_	_	start_char=79977|end_char=79980
14095	separated	_	_	_	_	14094	_	_	start_char=79981|end_char=79990
14096	from	_	_	_	_	14095	_	_	start_char=79991|end_char=79995
14097	all	_	_	_	_	14096	_	_	start_char=79996|end_char=79999
14098	the	_	_	_	_	14097	_	_	start_char=80000|end_char=80003
14099	other	_	_	_	_	14098	_	_	start_char=80004|end_char=80009
14100	apartments	_	_	_	_	14099	_	_	start_char=80010|end_char=80020
14101	by	_	_	_	_	14100	_	_	start_char=80021|end_char=80023
14102	a	_	_	_	_	14101	_	_	start_char=80024|end_char=80025
14103	gallery	_	_	_	_	14102	_	_	start_char=80026|end_char=80033
14104	and	_	_	_	_	14103	_	_	start_char=80034|end_char=80037
14105	staircase,	_	_	_	_	14104	_	_	start_char=80038|end_char=80048
14106	I	_	_	_	_	14105	_	_	start_char=80049|end_char=80050
14107	kept	_	_	_	_	14106	_	_	start_char=80051|end_char=80055
14108	my	_	_	_	_	14107	_	_	start_char=80056|end_char=80058
14109	workshop	_	_	_	_	14108	_	_	start_char=80059|end_char=80067
14110	of	_	_	_	_	14109	_	_	start_char=80068|end_char=80070
14111	filthy	_	_	_	_	14110	_	_	start_char=80071|end_char=80077
14112	creation;	_	_	_	_	14111	_	_	start_char=80078|end_char=80087
14113	my	_	_	_	_	14112	_	_	start_char=80088|end_char=80090
14114	eyeballs	_	_	_	_	14113	_	_	start_char=80091|end_char=80099
14115	were	_	_	_	_	14114	_	_	start_char=80100|end_char=80104
14116	starting	_	_	_	_	14115	_	_	start_char=80105|end_char=80113
14117	from	_	_	_	_	14116	_	_	start_char=80114|end_char=80118
14118	their	_	_	_	_	14117	_	_	start_char=80119|end_char=80124
14119	sockets	_	_	_	_	14118	_	_	start_char=80125|end_char=80132
14120	in	_	_	_	_	14119	_	_	start_char=80133|end_char=80135
14121	attending	_	_	_	_	14120	_	_	start_char=80136|end_char=80145
14122	to	_	_	_	_	14121	_	_	start_char=80146|end_char=80148
14123	the	_	_	_	_	14122	_	_	start_char=80149|end_char=80152
14124	details	_	_	_	_	14123	_	_	start_char=80153|end_char=80160
14125	of	_	_	_	_	14124	_	_	start_char=80161|end_char=80163
14126	my	_	_	_	_	14125	_	_	start_char=80164|end_char=80166
14127	employment.	_	_	_	_	14126	_	_	start_char=80167|end_char=80178
14128	The	_	_	_	_	14127	_	_	start_char=80179|end_char=80182
14129	dissecting	_	_	_	_	14128	_	_	start_char=80183|end_char=80193
14130	room	_	_	_	_	14129	_	_	start_char=80194|end_char=80198
14131	and	_	_	_	_	14130	_	_	start_char=80199|end_char=80202
14132	the	_	_	_	_	14131	_	_	start_char=80203|end_char=80206
14133	slaughter-house	_	_	_	_	14132	_	_	start_char=80207|end_char=80222
14134	furnished	_	_	_	_	14133	_	_	start_char=80223|end_char=80232
14135	many	_	_	_	_	14134	_	_	start_char=80233|end_char=80237
14136	of	_	_	_	_	14135	_	_	start_char=80238|end_char=80240
14137	my	_	_	_	_	14136	_	_	start_char=80241|end_char=80243
14138	materials;	_	_	_	_	14137	_	_	start_char=80244|end_char=80254
14139	and	_	_	_	_	14138	_	_	start_char=80255|end_char=80258
14140	often	_	_	_	_	14139	_	_	start_char=80259|end_char=80264
14141	did	_	_	_	_	14140	_	_	start_char=80265|end_char=80268
14142	my	_	_	_	_	14141	_	_	start_char=80269|end_char=80271
14143	human	_	_	_	_	14142	_	_	start_char=80272|end_char=80277
14144	nature	_	_	_	_	14143	_	_	start_char=80278|end_char=80284
14145	turn	_	_	_	_	14144	_	_	start_char=80285|end_char=80289
14146	with	_	_	_	_	14145	_	_	start_char=80290|end_char=80294
14147	loathing	_	_	_	_	14146	_	_	start_char=80295|end_char=80303
14148	from	_	_	_	_	14147	_	_	start_char=80304|end_char=80308
14149	my	_	_	_	_	14148	_	_	start_char=80309|end_char=80311
14150	occupation,	_	_	_	_	14149	_	_	start_char=80312|end_char=80323
14151	whilst,	_	_	_	_	14150	_	_	start_char=80324|end_char=80331
14152	still	_	_	_	_	14151	_	_	start_char=80332|end_char=80337
14153	urged	_	_	_	_	14152	_	_	start_char=80338|end_char=80343
14154	on	_	_	_	_	14153	_	_	start_char=80344|end_char=80346
14155	by	_	_	_	_	14154	_	_	start_char=80347|end_char=80349
14156	an	_	_	_	_	14155	_	_	start_char=80350|end_char=80352
14157	eagerness	_	_	_	_	14156	_	_	start_char=80353|end_char=80362
14158	which	_	_	_	_	14157	_	_	start_char=80363|end_char=80368
14159	perpetually	_	_	_	_	14158	_	_	start_char=80369|end_char=80380
14160	increased,	_	_	_	_	14159	_	_	start_char=80381|end_char=80391
14161	I	_	_	_	_	14160	_	_	start_char=80392|end_char=80393
14162	brought	_	_	_	_	14161	_	_	start_char=80394|end_char=80401
14163	my	_	_	_	_	14162	_	_	start_char=80402|end_char=80404
14164	work	_	_	_	_	14163	_	_	start_char=80405|end_char=80409
14165	near	_	_	_	_	14164	_	_	start_char=80410|end_char=80414
14166	to	_	_	_	_	14165	_	_	start_char=80415|end_char=80417
14167	a	_	_	_	_	14166	_	_	start_char=80418|end_char=80419
14168	conclusion.	_	_	_	_	14167	_	_	start_char=80420|end_char=80431
14169	The	_	_	_	_	14168	_	_	start_char=80432|end_char=80435
14170	summer	_	_	_	_	14169	_	_	start_char=80436|end_char=80442
14171	months	_	_	_	_	14170	_	_	start_char=80443|end_char=80449
14172	passed	_	_	_	_	14171	_	_	start_char=80450|end_char=80456
14173	while	_	_	_	_	14172	_	_	start_char=80457|end_char=80462
14174	I	_	_	_	_	14173	_	_	start_char=80463|end_char=80464
14175	was	_	_	_	_	14174	_	_	start_char=80465|end_char=80468
14176	thus	_	_	_	_	14175	_	_	start_char=80469|end_char=80473
14177	engaged,	_	_	_	_	14176	_	_	start_char=80474|end_char=80482
14178	heart	_	_	_	_	14177	_	_	start_char=80483|end_char=80488
14179	and	_	_	_	_	14178	_	_	start_char=80489|end_char=80492
14180	soul,	_	_	_	_	14179	_	_	start_char=80493|end_char=80498
14181	in	_	_	_	_	14180	_	_	start_char=80499|end_char=80501
14182	one	_	_	_	_	14181	_	_	start_char=80502|end_char=80505
14183	pursuit.	_	_	_	_	14182	_	_	start_char=80506|end_char=80514
14184	It	_	_	_	_	14183	_	_	start_char=80515|end_char=80517
14185	was	_	_	_	_	14184	_	_	start_char=80518|end_char=80521
14186	a	_	_	_	_	14185	_	_	start_char=80522|end_char=80523
14187	most	_	_	_	_	14186	_	_	start_char=80524|end_char=80528
14188	beautiful	_	_	_	_	14187	_	_	start_char=80529|end_char=80538
14189	season;	_	_	_	_	14188	_	_	start_char=80539|end_char=80546
14190	never	_	_	_	_	14189	_	_	start_char=80547|end_char=80552
14191	did	_	_	_	_	14190	_	_	start_char=80553|end_char=80556
14192	the	_	_	_	_	14191	_	_	start_char=80557|end_char=80560
14193	fields	_	_	_	_	14192	_	_	start_char=80561|end_char=80567
14194	bestow	_	_	_	_	14193	_	_	start_char=80568|end_char=80574
14195	a	_	_	_	_	14194	_	_	start_char=80575|end_char=80576
14196	more	_	_	_	_	14195	_	_	start_char=80577|end_char=80581
14197	plentiful	_	_	_	_	14196	_	_	start_char=80582|end_char=80591
14198	harvest	_	_	_	_	14197	_	_	start_char=80592|end_char=80599
14199	or	_	_	_	_	14198	_	_	start_char=80600|end_char=80602
14200	the	_	_	_	_	14199	_	_	start_char=80603|end_char=80606
14201	vines	_	_	_	_	14200	_	_	start_char=80607|end_char=80612
14202	yield	_	_	_	_	14201	_	_	start_char=80613|end_char=80618
14203	a	_	_	_	_	14202	_	_	start_char=80619|end_char=80620
14204	more	_	_	_	_	14203	_	_	start_char=80621|end_char=80625
14205	luxuriant	_	_	_	_	14204	_	_	start_char=80626|end_char=80635
14206	vintage,	_	_	_	_	14205	_	_	start_char=80636|end_char=80644
14207	but	_	_	_	_	14206	_	_	start_char=80645|end_char=80648
14208	my	_	_	_	_	14207	_	_	start_char=80649|end_char=80651
14209	eyes	_	_	_	_	14208	_	_	start_char=80652|end_char=80656
14210	were	_	_	_	_	14209	_	_	start_char=80657|end_char=80661
14211	insensible	_	_	_	_	14210	_	_	start_char=80662|end_char=80672
14212	to	_	_	_	_	14211	_	_	start_char=80673|end_char=80675
14213	the	_	_	_	_	14212	_	_	start_char=80676|end_char=80679
14214	charms	_	_	_	_	14213	_	_	start_char=80680|end_char=80686
14215	of	_	_	_	_	14214	_	_	start_char=80687|end_char=80689
14216	nature.	_	_	_	_	14215	_	_	start_char=80690|end_char=80697
14217	And	_	_	_	_	14216	_	_	start_char=80698|end_char=80701
14218	the	_	_	_	_	14217	_	_	start_char=80702|end_char=80705
14219	same	_	_	_	_	14218	_	_	start_char=80706|end_char=80710
14220	feelings	_	_	_	_	14219	_	_	start_char=80711|end_char=80719
14221	which	_	_	_	_	14220	_	_	start_char=80720|end_char=80725
14222	made	_	_	_	_	14221	_	_	start_char=80726|end_char=80730
14223	me	_	_	_	_	14222	_	_	start_char=80731|end_char=80733
14224	neglect	_	_	_	_	14223	_	_	start_char=80734|end_char=80741
14225	the	_	_	_	_	14224	_	_	start_char=80742|end_char=80745
14226	scenes	_	_	_	_	14225	_	_	start_char=80746|end_char=80752
14227	around	_	_	_	_	14226	_	_	start_char=80753|end_char=80759
14228	me	_	_	_	_	14227	_	_	start_char=80760|end_char=80762
14229	caused	_	_	_	_	14228	_	_	start_char=80763|end_char=80769
14230	me	_	_	_	_	14229	_	_	start_char=80770|end_char=80772
14231	also	_	_	_	_	14230	_	_	start_char=80773|end_char=80777
14232	to	_	_	_	_	14231	_	_	start_char=80778|end_char=80780
14233	forget	_	_	_	_	14232	_	_	start_char=80781|end_char=80787
14234	those	_	_	_	_	14233	_	_	start_char=80788|end_char=80793
14235	friends	_	_	_	_	14234	_	_	start_char=80794|end_char=80801
14236	who	_	_	_	_	14235	_	_	start_char=80802|end_char=80805
14237	were	_	_	_	_	14236	_	_	start_char=80806|end_char=80810
14238	so	_	_	_	_	14237	_	_	start_char=80811|end_char=80813
14239	many	_	_	_	_	14238	_	_	start_char=80814|end_char=80818
14240	miles	_	_	_	_	14239	_	_	start_char=80819|end_char=80824
14241	absent,	_	_	_	_	14240	_	_	start_char=80825|end_char=80832
14242	and	_	_	_	_	14241	_	_	start_char=80833|end_char=80836
14243	whom	_	_	_	_	14242	_	_	start_char=80837|end_char=80841
14244	I	_	_	_	_	14243	_	_	start_char=80842|end_char=80843
14245	had	_	_	_	_	14244	_	_	start_char=80844|end_char=80847
14246	not	_	_	_	_	14245	_	_	start_char=80848|end_char=80851
14247	seen	_	_	_	_	14246	_	_	start_char=80852|end_char=80856
14248	for	_	_	_	_	14247	_	_	start_char=80857|end_char=80860
14249	so	_	_	_	_	14248	_	_	start_char=80861|end_char=80863
14250	long	_	_	_	_	14249	_	_	start_char=80864|end_char=80868
14251	a	_	_	_	_	14250	_	_	start_char=80869|end_char=80870
14252	time.	_	_	_	_	14251	_	_	start_char=80871|end_char=80876
14253	I	_	_	_	_	14252	_	_	start_char=80877|end_char=80878
14254	knew	_	_	_	_	14253	_	_	start_char=80879|end_char=80883
14255	my	_	_	_	_	14254	_	_	start_char=80884|end_char=80886
14256	silence	_	_	_	_	14255	_	_	start_char=80887|end_char=80894
14257	disquieted	_	_	_	_	14256	_	_	start_char=80895|end_char=80905
14258	them,	_	_	_	_	14257	_	_	start_char=80906|end_char=80911
14259	and	_	_	_	_	14258	_	_	start_char=80912|end_char=80915
14260	I	_	_	_	_	14259	_	_	start_char=80916|end_char=80917
14261	well	_	_	_	_	14260	_	_	start_char=80918|end_char=80922
14262	remembered	_	_	_	_	14261	_	_	start_char=80923|end_char=80933
14263	the	_	_	_	_	14262	_	_	start_char=80934|end_char=80937
14264	words	_	_	_	_	14263	_	_	start_char=80938|end_char=80943
14265	of	_	_	_	_	14264	_	_	start_char=80944|end_char=80946
14266	my	_	_	_	_	14265	_	_	start_char=80947|end_char=80949
14267	father:	_	_	_	_	14266	_	_	start_char=80950|end_char=80957
14268	“I	_	_	_	_	14267	_	_	start_char=80958|end_char=80960
14269	know	_	_	_	_	14268	_	_	start_char=80961|end_char=80965
14270	that	_	_	_	_	14269	_	_	start_char=80966|end_char=80970
14271	while	_	_	_	_	14270	_	_	start_char=80971|end_char=80976
14272	you	_	_	_	_	14271	_	_	start_char=80977|end_char=80980
14273	are	_	_	_	_	14272	_	_	start_char=80981|end_char=80984
14274	pleased	_	_	_	_	14273	_	_	start_char=80985|end_char=80992
14275	with	_	_	_	_	14274	_	_	start_char=80993|end_char=80997
14276	yourself	_	_	_	_	14275	_	_	start_char=80998|end_char=81006
14277	you	_	_	_	_	14276	_	_	start_char=81007|end_char=81010
14278	will	_	_	_	_	14277	_	_	start_char=81011|end_char=81015
14279	think	_	_	_	_	14278	_	_	start_char=81016|end_char=81021
14280	of	_	_	_	_	14279	_	_	start_char=81022|end_char=81024
14281	us	_	_	_	_	14280	_	_	start_char=81025|end_char=81027
14282	with	_	_	_	_	14281	_	_	start_char=81028|end_char=81032
14283	affection,	_	_	_	_	14282	_	_	start_char=81033|end_char=81043
14284	and	_	_	_	_	14283	_	_	start_char=81044|end_char=81047
14285	we	_	_	_	_	14284	_	_	start_char=81048|end_char=81050
14286	shall	_	_	_	_	14285	_	_	start_char=81051|end_char=81056
14287	hear	_	_	_	_	14286	_	_	start_char=81057|end_char=81061
14288	regularly	_	_	_	_	14287	_	_	start_char=81062|end_char=81071
14289	from	_	_	_	_	14288	_	_	start_char=81072|end_char=81076
14290	you.	_	_	_	_	14289	_	_	start_char=81077|end_char=81081
14291	You	_	_	_	_	14290	_	_	start_char=81082|end_char=81085
14292	must	_	_	_	_	14291	_	_	start_char=81086|end_char=81090
14293	pardon	_	_	_	_	14292	_	_	start_char=81091|end_char=81097
14294	me	_	_	_	_	14293	_	_	start_char=81098|end_char=81100
14295	if	_	_	_	_	14294	_	_	start_char=81101|end_char=81103
14296	I	_	_	_	_	14295	_	_	start_char=81104|end_char=81105
14297	regard	_	_	_	_	14296	_	_	start_char=81106|end_char=81112
14298	any	_	_	_	_	14297	_	_	start_char=81113|end_char=81116
14299	interruption	_	_	_	_	14298	_	_	start_char=81117|end_char=81129
14300	in	_	_	_	_	14299	_	_	start_char=81130|end_char=81132
14301	your	_	_	_	_	14300	_	_	start_char=81133|end_char=81137
14302	correspondence	_	_	_	_	14301	_	_	start_char=81138|end_char=81152
14303	as	_	_	_	_	14302	_	_	start_char=81153|end_char=81155
14304	a	_	_	_	_	14303	_	_	start_char=81156|end_char=81157
14305	proof	_	_	_	_	14304	_	_	start_char=81158|end_char=81163
14306	that	_	_	_	_	14305	_	_	start_char=81164|end_char=81168
14307	your	_	_	_	_	14306	_	_	start_char=81169|end_char=81173
14308	other	_	_	_	_	14307	_	_	start_char=81174|end_char=81179
14309	duties	_	_	_	_	14308	_	_	start_char=81180|end_char=81186
14310	are	_	_	_	_	14309	_	_	start_char=81187|end_char=81190
14311	equally	_	_	_	_	14310	_	_	start_char=81191|end_char=81198
14312	neglected.”	_	_	_	_	14311	_	_	start_char=81199|end_char=81210
14313	I	_	_	_	_	14312	_	_	start_char=81211|end_char=81212
14314	knew	_	_	_	_	14313	_	_	start_char=81213|end_char=81217
14315	well	_	_	_	_	14314	_	_	start_char=81218|end_char=81222
14316	therefore	_	_	_	_	14315	_	_	start_char=81223|end_char=81232
14317	what	_	_	_	_	14316	_	_	start_char=81233|end_char=81237
14318	would	_	_	_	_	14317	_	_	start_char=81238|end_char=81243
14319	be	_	_	_	_	14318	_	_	start_char=81244|end_char=81246
14320	my	_	_	_	_	14319	_	_	start_char=81247|end_char=81249
14321	father’s	_	_	_	_	14320	_	_	start_char=81250|end_char=81258
14322	feelings,	_	_	_	_	14321	_	_	start_char=81259|end_char=81268
14323	but	_	_	_	_	14322	_	_	start_char=81269|end_char=81272
14324	I	_	_	_	_	14323	_	_	start_char=81273|end_char=81274
14325	could	_	_	_	_	14324	_	_	start_char=81275|end_char=81280
14326	not	_	_	_	_	14325	_	_	start_char=81281|end_char=81284
14327	tear	_	_	_	_	14326	_	_	start_char=81285|end_char=81289
14328	my	_	_	_	_	14327	_	_	start_char=81290|end_char=81292
14329	thoughts	_	_	_	_	14328	_	_	start_char=81293|end_char=81301
14330	from	_	_	_	_	14329	_	_	start_char=81302|end_char=81306
14331	my	_	_	_	_	14330	_	_	start_char=81307|end_char=81309
14332	employment,	_	_	_	_	14331	_	_	start_char=81310|end_char=81321
14333	loathsome	_	_	_	_	14332	_	_	start_char=81322|end_char=81331
14334	in	_	_	_	_	14333	_	_	start_char=81332|end_char=81334
14335	itself,	_	_	_	_	14334	_	_	start_char=81335|end_char=81342
14336	but	_	_	_	_	14335	_	_	start_char=81343|end_char=81346
14337	which	_	_	_	_	14336	_	_	start_char=81347|end_char=81352
14338	had	_	_	_	_	14337	_	_	start_char=81353|end_char=81356
14339	taken	_	_	_	_	14338	_	_	start_char=81357|end_char=81362
14340	an	_	_	_	_	14339	_	_	start_char=81363|end_char=81365
14341	irresistible	_	_	_	_	14340	_	_	start_char=81366|end_char=81378
14342	hold	_	_	_	_	14341	_	_	start_char=81379|end_char=81383
14343	of	_	_	_	_	14342	_	_	start_char=81384|end_char=81386
14344	my	_	_	_	_	14343	_	_	start_char=81387|end_char=81389
14345	imagination.	_	_	_	_	14344	_	_	start_char=81390|end_char=81402
14346	I	_	_	_	_	14345	_	_	start_char=81403|end_char=81404
14347	wished,	_	_	_	_	14346	_	_	start_char=81405|end_char=81412
14348	as	_	_	_	_	14347	_	_	start_char=81413|end_char=81415
14349	it	_	_	_	_	14348	_	_	start_char=81416|end_char=81418
14350	were,	_	_	_	_	14349	_	_	start_char=81419|end_char=81424
14351	to	_	_	_	_	14350	_	_	start_char=81425|end_char=81427
14352	procrastinate	_	_	_	_	14351	_	_	start_char=81428|end_char=81441
14353	all	_	_	_	_	14352	_	_	start_char=81442|end_char=81445
14354	that	_	_	_	_	14353	_	_	start_char=81446|end_char=81450
14355	related	_	_	_	_	14354	_	_	start_char=81451|end_char=81458
14356	to	_	_	_	_	14355	_	_	start_char=81459|end_char=81461
14357	my	_	_	_	_	14356	_	_	start_char=81462|end_char=81464
14358	feelings	_	_	_	_	14357	_	_	start_char=81465|end_char=81473
14359	of	_	_	_	_	14358	_	_	start_char=81474|end_char=81476
14360	affection	_	_	_	_	14359	_	_	start_char=81477|end_char=81486
14361	until	_	_	_	_	14360	_	_	start_char=81487|end_char=81492
14362	the	_	_	_	_	14361	_	_	start_char=81493|end_char=81496
14363	great	_	_	_	_	14362	_	_	start_char=81497|end_char=81502
14364	object,	_	_	_	_	14363	_	_	start_char=81503|end_char=81510
14365	which	_	_	_	_	14364	_	_	start_char=81511|end_char=81516
14366	swallowed	_	_	_	_	14365	_	_	start_char=81517|end_char=81526
14367	up	_	_	_	_	14366	_	_	start_char=81527|end_char=81529
14368	every	_	_	_	_	14367	_	_	start_char=81530|end_char=81535
14369	habit	_	_	_	_	14368	_	_	start_char=81536|end_char=81541
14370	of	_	_	_	_	14369	_	_	start_char=81542|end_char=81544
14371	my	_	_	_	_	14370	_	_	start_char=81545|end_char=81547
14372	nature,	_	_	_	_	14371	_	_	start_char=81548|end_char=81555
14373	should	_	_	_	_	14372	_	_	start_char=81556|end_char=81562
14374	be	_	_	_	_	14373	_	_	start_char=81563|end_char=81565
14375	completed.	_	_	_	_	14374	_	_	start_char=81566|end_char=81576
14376	I	_	_	_	_	14375	_	_	start_char=81577|end_char=81578
14377	then	_	_	_	_	14376	_	_	start_char=81579|end_char=81583
14378	thought	_	_	_	_	14377	_	_	start_char=81584|end_char=81591
14379	that	_	_	_	_	14378	_	_	start_char=81592|end_char=81596
14380	my	_	_	_	_	14379	_	_	start_char=81597|end_char=81599
14381	father	_	_	_	_	14380	_	_	start_char=81600|end_char=81606
14382	would	_	_	_	_	14381	_	_	start_char=81607|end_char=81612
14383	be	_	_	_	_	14382	_	_	start_char=81613|end_char=81615
14384	unjust	_	_	_	_	14383	_	_	start_char=81616|end_char=81622
14385	if	_	_	_	_	14384	_	_	start_char=81623|end_char=81625
14386	he	_	_	_	_	14385	_	_	start_char=81626|end_char=81628
14387	ascribed	_	_	_	_	14386	_	_	start_char=81629|end_char=81637
14388	my	_	_	_	_	14387	_	_	start_char=81638|end_char=81640
14389	neglect	_	_	_	_	14388	_	_	start_char=81641|end_char=81648
14390	to	_	_	_	_	14389	_	_	start_char=81649|end_char=81651
14391	vice	_	_	_	_	14390	_	_	start_char=81652|end_char=81656
14392	or	_	_	_	_	14391	_	_	start_char=81657|end_char=81659
14393	faultiness	_	_	_	_	14392	_	_	start_char=81660|end_char=81670
14394	on	_	_	_	_	14393	_	_	start_char=81671|end_char=81673
14395	my	_	_	_	_	14394	_	_	start_char=81674|end_char=81676
14396	part,	_	_	_	_	14395	_	_	start_char=81677|end_char=81682
14397	but	_	_	_	_	14396	_	_	start_char=81683|end_char=81686
14398	I	_	_	_	_	14397	_	_	start_char=81687|end_char=81688
14399	am	_	_	_	_	14398	_	_	start_char=81689|end_char=81691
14400	now	_	_	_	_	14399	_	_	start_char=81692|end_char=81695
14401	convinced	_	_	_	_	14400	_	_	start_char=81696|end_char=81705
14402	that	_	_	_	_	14401	_	_	start_char=81706|end_char=81710
14403	he	_	_	_	_	14402	_	_	start_char=81711|end_char=81713
14404	was	_	_	_	_	14403	_	_	start_char=81714|end_char=81717
14405	justified	_	_	_	_	14404	_	_	start_char=81718|end_char=81727
14406	in	_	_	_	_	14405	_	_	start_char=81728|end_char=81730
14407	conceiving	_	_	_	_	14406	_	_	start_char=81731|end_char=81741
14408	that	_	_	_	_	14407	_	_	start_char=81742|end_char=81746
14409	I	_	_	_	_	14408	_	_	start_char=81747|end_char=81748
14410	should	_	_	_	_	14409	_	_	start_char=81749|end_char=81755
14411	not	_	_	_	_	14410	_	_	start_char=81756|end_char=81759
14412	be	_	_	_	_	14411	_	_	start_char=81760|end_char=81762
14413	altogether	_	_	_	_	14412	_	_	start_char=81763|end_char=81773
14414	free	_	_	_	_	14413	_	_	start_char=81774|end_char=81778
14415	from	_	_	_	_	14414	_	_	start_char=81779|end_char=81783
14416	blame.	_	_	_	_	14415	_	_	start_char=81784|end_char=81790
14417	A	_	_	_	_	14416	_	_	start_char=81791|end_char=81792
14418	human	_	_	_	_	14417	_	_	start_char=81793|end_char=81798
14419	being	_	_	_	_	14418	_	_	start_char=81799|end_char=81804
14420	in	_	_	_	_	14419	_	_	start_char=81805|end_char=81807
14421	perfection	_	_	_	_	14420	_	_	start_char=81808|end_char=81818
14422	ought	_	_	_	_	14421	_	_	start_char=81819|end_char=81824
14423	always	_	_	_	_	14422	_	_	start_char=81825|end_char=81831
14424	to	_	_	_	_	14423	_	_	start_char=81832|end_char=81834
14425	preserve	_	_	_	_	14424	_	_	start_char=81835|end_char=81843
14426	a	_	_	_	_	14425	_	_	start_char=81844|end_char=81845
14427	calm	_	_	_	_	14426	_	_	start_char=81846|end_char=81850
14428	and	_	_	_	_	14427	_	_	start_char=81851|end_char=81854
14429	peaceful	_	_	_	_	14428	_	_	start_char=81855|end_char=81863
14430	mind	_	_	_	_	14429	_	_	start_char=81864|end_char=81868
14431	and	_	_	_	_	14430	_	_	start_char=81869|end_char=81872
14432	never	_	_	_	_	14431	_	_	start_char=81873|end_char=81878
14433	to	_	_	_	_	14432	_	_	start_char=81879|end_char=81881
14434	allow	_	_	_	_	14433	_	_	start_char=81882|end_char=81887
14435	passion	_	_	_	_	14434	_	_	start_char=81888|end_char=81895
14436	or	_	_	_	_	14435	_	_	start_char=81896|end_char=81898
14437	a	_	_	_	_	14436	_	_	start_char=81899|end_char=81900
14438	transitory	_	_	_	_	14437	_	_	start_char=81901|end_char=81911
14439	desire	_	_	_	_	14438	_	_	start_char=81912|end_char=81918
14440	to	_	_	_	_	14439	_	_	start_char=81919|end_char=81921
14441	disturb	_	_	_	_	14440	_	_	start_char=81922|end_char=81929
14442	his	_	_	_	_	14441	_	_	start_char=81930|end_char=81933
14443	tranquillity.	_	_	_	_	14442	_	_	start_char=81934|end_char=81947
14444	I	_	_	_	_	14443	_	_	start_char=81948|end_char=81949
14445	do	_	_	_	_	14444	_	_	start_char=81950|end_char=81952
14446	not	_	_	_	_	14445	_	_	start_char=81953|end_char=81956
14447	think	_	_	_	_	14446	_	_	start_char=81957|end_char=81962
14448	that	_	_	_	_	14447	_	_	start_char=81963|end_char=81967
14449	the	_	_	_	_	14448	_	_	start_char=81968|end_char=81971
14450	pursuit	_	_	_	_	14449	_	_	start_char=81972|end_char=81979
14451	of	_	_	_	_	14450	_	_	start_char=81980|end_char=81982
14452	knowledge	_	_	_	_	14451	_	_	start_char=81983|end_char=81992
14453	is	_	_	_	_	14452	_	_	start_char=81993|end_char=81995
14454	an	_	_	_	_	14453	_	_	start_char=81996|end_char=81998
14455	exception	_	_	_	_	14454	_	_	start_char=81999|end_char=82008
14456	to	_	_	_	_	14455	_	_	start_char=82009|end_char=82011
14457	this	_	_	_	_	14456	_	_	start_char=82012|end_char=82016
14458	rule.	_	_	_	_	14457	_	_	start_char=82017|end_char=82022
14459	If	_	_	_	_	14458	_	_	start_char=82023|end_char=82025
14460	the	_	_	_	_	14459	_	_	start_char=82026|end_char=82029
14461	study	_	_	_	_	14460	_	_	start_char=82030|end_char=82035
14462	to	_	_	_	_	14461	_	_	start_char=82036|end_char=82038
14463	which	_	_	_	_	14462	_	_	start_char=82039|end_char=82044
14464	you	_	_	_	_	14463	_	_	start_char=82045|end_char=82048
14465	apply	_	_	_	_	14464	_	_	start_char=82049|end_char=82054
14466	yourself	_	_	_	_	14465	_	_	start_char=82055|end_char=82063
14467	has	_	_	_	_	14466	_	_	start_char=82064|end_char=82067
14468	a	_	_	_	_	14467	_	_	start_char=82068|end_char=82069
14469	tendency	_	_	_	_	14468	_	_	start_char=82070|end_char=82078
14470	to	_	_	_	_	14469	_	_	start_char=82079|end_char=82081
14471	weaken	_	_	_	_	14470	_	_	start_char=82082|end_char=82088
14472	your	_	_	_	_	14471	_	_	start_char=82089|end_char=82093
14473	affections	_	_	_	_	14472	_	_	start_char=82094|end_char=82104
14474	and	_	_	_	_	14473	_	_	start_char=82105|end_char=82108
14475	to	_	_	_	_	14474	_	_	start_char=82109|end_char=82111
14476	destroy	_	_	_	_	14475	_	_	start_char=82112|end_char=82119
14477	your	_	_	_	_	14476	_	_	start_char=82120|end_char=82124
14478	taste	_	_	_	_	14477	_	_	start_char=82125|end_char=82130
14479	for	_	_	_	_	14478	_	_	start_char=82131|end_char=82134
14480	those	_	_	_	_	14479	_	_	start_char=82135|end_char=82140
14481	simple	_	_	_	_	14480	_	_	start_char=82141|end_char=82147
14482	pleasures	_	_	_	_	14481	_	_	start_char=82148|end_char=82157
14483	in	_	_	_	_	14482	_	_	start_char=82158|end_char=82160
14484	which	_	_	_	_	14483	_	_	start_char=82161|end_char=82166
14485	no	_	_	_	_	14484	_	_	start_char=82167|end_char=82169
14486	alloy	_	_	_	_	14485	_	_	start_char=82170|end_char=82175
14487	can	_	_	_	_	14486	_	_	start_char=82176|end_char=82179
14488	possibly	_	_	_	_	14487	_	_	start_char=82180|end_char=82188
14489	mix,	_	_	_	_	14488	_	_	start_char=82189|end_char=82193
14490	then	_	_	_	_	14489	_	_	start_char=82194|end_char=82198
14491	that	_	_	_	_	14490	_	_	start_char=82199|end_char=82203
14492	study	_	_	_	_	14491	_	_	start_char=82204|end_char=82209
14493	is	_	_	_	_	14492	_	_	start_char=82210|end_char=82212
14494	certainly	_	_	_	_	14493	_	_	start_char=82213|end_char=82222
14495	unlawful,	_	_	_	_	14494	_	_	start_char=82223|end_char=82232
14496	that	_	_	_	_	14495	_	_	start_char=82233|end_char=82237
14497	is	_	_	_	_	14496	_	_	start_char=82238|end_char=82240
14498	to	_	_	_	_	14497	_	_	start_char=82241|end_char=82243
14499	say,	_	_	_	_	14498	_	_	start_char=82244|end_char=82248
14500	not	_	_	_	_	14499	_	_	start_char=82249|end_char=82252
14501	befitting	_	_	_	_	14500	_	_	start_char=82253|end_char=82262
14502	the	_	_	_	_	14501	_	_	start_char=82263|end_char=82266
14503	human	_	_	_	_	14502	_	_	start_char=82267|end_char=82272
14504	mind.	_	_	_	_	14503	_	_	start_char=82273|end_char=82278
14505	If	_	_	_	_	14504	_	_	start_char=82279|end_char=82281
14506	this	_	_	_	_	14505	_	_	start_char=82282|end_char=82286
14507	rule	_	_	_	_	14506	_	_	start_char=82287|end_char=82291
14508	were	_	_	_	_	14507	_	_	start_char=82292|end_char=82296
14509	always	_	_	_	_	14508	_	_	start_char=82297|end_char=82303
14510	observed;	_	_	_	_	14509	_	_	start_char=82304|end_char=82313
14511	if	_	_	_	_	14510	_	_	start_char=82314|end_char=82316
14512	no	_	_	_	_	14511	_	_	start_char=82317|end_char=82319
14513	man	_	_	_	_	14512	_	_	start_char=82320|end_char=82323
14514	allowed	_	_	_	_	14513	_	_	start_char=82324|end_char=82331
14515	any	_	_	_	_	14514	_	_	start_char=82332|end_char=82335
14516	pursuit	_	_	_	_	14515	_	_	start_char=82336|end_char=82343
14517	whatsoever	_	_	_	_	14516	_	_	start_char=82344|end_char=82354
14518	to	_	_	_	_	14517	_	_	start_char=82355|end_char=82357
14519	interfere	_	_	_	_	14518	_	_	start_char=82358|end_char=82367
14520	with	_	_	_	_	14519	_	_	start_char=82368|end_char=82372
14521	the	_	_	_	_	14520	_	_	start_char=82373|end_char=82376
14522	tranquillity	_	_	_	_	14521	_	_	start_char=82377|end_char=82389
14523	of	_	_	_	_	14522	_	_	start_char=82390|end_char=82392
14524	his	_	_	_	_	14523	_	_	start_char=82393|end_char=82396
14525	domestic	_	_	_	_	14524	_	_	start_char=82397|end_char=82405
14526	affections,	_	_	_	_	14525	_	_	start_char=82406|end_char=82417
14527	Greece	_	_	_	_	14526	_	_	start_char=82418|end_char=82424
14528	had	_	_	_	_	14527	_	_	start_char=82425|end_char=82428
14529	not	_	_	_	_	14528	_	_	start_char=82429|end_char=82432
14530	been	_	_	_	_	14529	_	_	start_char=82433|end_char=82437
14531	enslaved,	_	_	_	_	14530	_	_	start_char=82438|end_char=82447
14532	Cæsar	_	_	_	_	14531	_	_	start_char=82448|end_char=82453
14533	would	_	_	_	_	14532	_	_	start_char=82454|end_char=82459
14534	have	_	_	_	_	14533	_	_	start_char=82460|end_char=82464
14535	spared	_	_	_	_	14534	_	_	start_char=82465|end_char=82471
14536	his	_	_	_	_	14535	_	_	start_char=82472|end_char=82475
14537	country,	_	_	_	_	14536	_	_	start_char=82476|end_char=82484
14538	America	_	_	_	_	14537	_	_	start_char=82485|end_char=82492
14539	would	_	_	_	_	14538	_	_	start_char=82493|end_char=82498
14540	have	_	_	_	_	14539	_	_	start_char=82499|end_char=82503
14541	been	_	_	_	_	14540	_	_	start_char=82504|end_char=82508
14542	discovered	_	_	_	_	14541	_	_	start_char=82509|end_char=82519
14543	more	_	_	_	_	14542	_	_	start_char=82520|end_char=82524
14544	gradually,	_	_	_	_	14543	_	_	start_char=82525|end_char=82535
14545	and	_	_	_	_	14544	_	_	start_char=82536|end_char=82539
14546	the	_	_	_	_	14545	_	_	start_char=82540|end_char=82543
14547	empires	_	_	_	_	14546	_	_	start_char=82544|end_char=82551
14548	of	_	_	_	_	14547	_	_	start_char=82552|end_char=82554
14549	Mexico	_	_	_	_	14548	_	_	start_char=82555|end_char=82561
14550	and	_	_	_	_	14549	_	_	start_char=82562|end_char=82565
14551	Peru	_	_	_	_	14550	_	_	start_char=82566|end_char=82570
14552	had	_	_	_	_	14551	_	_	start_char=82571|end_char=82574
14553	not	_	_	_	_	14552	_	_	start_char=82575|end_char=82578
14554	been	_	_	_	_	14553	_	_	start_char=82579|end_char=82583
14555	destroyed.	_	_	_	_	14554	_	_	start_char=82584|end_char=82594
14556	But	_	_	_	_	14555	_	_	start_char=82595|end_char=82598
14557	I	_	_	_	_	14556	_	_	start_char=82599|end_char=82600
14558	forget	_	_	_	_	14557	_	_	start_char=82601|end_char=82607
14559	that	_	_	_	_	14558	_	_	start_char=82608|end_char=82612
14560	I	_	_	_	_	14559	_	_	start_char=82613|end_char=82614
14561	am	_	_	_	_	14560	_	_	start_char=82615|end_char=82617
14562	moralizing	_	_	_	_	14561	_	_	start_char=82618|end_char=82628
14563	in	_	_	_	_	14562	_	_	start_char=82629|end_char=82631
14564	the	_	_	_	_	14563	_	_	start_char=82632|end_char=82635
14565	most	_	_	_	_	14564	_	_	start_char=82636|end_char=82640
14566	interesting	_	_	_	_	14565	_	_	start_char=82641|end_char=82652
14567	part	_	_	_	_	14566	_	_	start_char=82653|end_char=82657
14568	of	_	_	_	_	14567	_	_	start_char=82658|end_char=82660
14569	my	_	_	_	_	14568	_	_	start_char=82661|end_char=82663
14570	tale,	_	_	_	_	14569	_	_	start_char=82664|end_char=82669
14571	and	_	_	_	_	14570	_	_	start_char=82670|end_char=82673
14572	your	_	_	_	_	14571	_	_	start_char=82674|end_char=82678
14573	looks	_	_	_	_	14572	_	_	start_char=82679|end_char=82684
14574	remind	_	_	_	_	14573	_	_	start_char=82685|end_char=82691
14575	me	_	_	_	_	14574	_	_	start_char=82692|end_char=82694
14576	to	_	_	_	_	14575	_	_	start_char=82695|end_char=82697
14577	proceed.	_	_	_	_	14576	_	_	start_char=82698|end_char=82706
14578	My	_	_	_	_	14577	_	_	start_char=82707|end_char=82709
14579	father	_	_	_	_	14578	_	_	start_char=82710|end_char=82716
14580	made	_	_	_	_	14579	_	_	start_char=82717|end_char=82721
14581	no	_	_	_	_	14580	_	_	start_char=82722|end_char=82724
14582	reproach	_	_	_	_	14581	_	_	start_char=82725|end_char=82733
14583	in	_	_	_	_	14582	_	_	start_char=82734|end_char=82736
14584	his	_	_	_	_	14583	_	_	start_char=82737|end_char=82740
14585	letters	_	_	_	_	14584	_	_	start_char=82741|end_char=82748
14586	and	_	_	_	_	14585	_	_	start_char=82749|end_char=82752
14587	only	_	_	_	_	14586	_	_	start_char=82753|end_char=82757
14588	took	_	_	_	_	14587	_	_	start_char=82758|end_char=82762
14589	notice	_	_	_	_	14588	_	_	start_char=82763|end_char=82769
14590	of	_	_	_	_	14589	_	_	start_char=82770|end_char=82772
14591	my	_	_	_	_	14590	_	_	start_char=82773|end_char=82775
14592	silence	_	_	_	_	14591	_	_	start_char=82776|end_char=82783
14593	by	_	_	_	_	14592	_	_	start_char=82784|end_char=82786
14594	inquiring	_	_	_	_	14593	_	_	start_char=82787|end_char=82796
14595	into	_	_	_	_	14594	_	_	start_char=82797|end_char=82801
14596	my	_	_	_	_	14595	_	_	start_char=82802|end_char=82804
14597	occupations	_	_	_	_	14596	_	_	start_char=82805|end_char=82816
14598	more	_	_	_	_	14597	_	_	start_char=82817|end_char=82821
14599	particularly	_	_	_	_	14598	_	_	start_char=82822|end_char=82834
14600	than	_	_	_	_	14599	_	_	start_char=82835|end_char=82839
14601	before.	_	_	_	_	14600	_	_	start_char=82840|end_char=82847
14602	Winter,	_	_	_	_	14601	_	_	start_char=82848|end_char=82855
14603	spring,	_	_	_	_	14602	_	_	start_char=82856|end_char=82863
14604	and	_	_	_	_	14603	_	_	start_char=82864|end_char=82867
14605	summer	_	_	_	_	14604	_	_	start_char=82868|end_char=82874
14606	passed	_	_	_	_	14605	_	_	start_char=82875|end_char=82881
14607	away	_	_	_	_	14606	_	_	start_char=82882|end_char=82886
14608	during	_	_	_	_	14607	_	_	start_char=82887|end_char=82893
14609	my	_	_	_	_	14608	_	_	start_char=82894|end_char=82896
14610	labours;	_	_	_	_	14609	_	_	start_char=82897|end_char=82905
14611	but	_	_	_	_	14610	_	_	start_char=82906|end_char=82909
14612	I	_	_	_	_	14611	_	_	start_char=82910|end_char=82911
14613	did	_	_	_	_	14612	_	_	start_char=82912|end_char=82915
14614	not	_	_	_	_	14613	_	_	start_char=82916|end_char=82919
14615	watch	_	_	_	_	14614	_	_	start_char=82920|end_char=82925
14616	the	_	_	_	_	14615	_	_	start_char=82926|end_char=82929
14617	blossom	_	_	_	_	14616	_	_	start_char=82930|end_char=82937
14618	or	_	_	_	_	14617	_	_	start_char=82938|end_char=82940
14619	the	_	_	_	_	14618	_	_	start_char=82941|end_char=82944
14620	expanding	_	_	_	_	14619	_	_	start_char=82945|end_char=82954
14621	leaves—sights	_	_	_	_	14620	_	_	start_char=82955|end_char=82968
14622	which	_	_	_	_	14621	_	_	start_char=82969|end_char=82974
14623	before	_	_	_	_	14622	_	_	start_char=82975|end_char=82981
14624	always	_	_	_	_	14623	_	_	start_char=82982|end_char=82988
14625	yielded	_	_	_	_	14624	_	_	start_char=82989|end_char=82996
14626	me	_	_	_	_	14625	_	_	start_char=82997|end_char=82999
14627	supreme	_	_	_	_	14626	_	_	start_char=83000|end_char=83007
14628	delight—so	_	_	_	_	14627	_	_	start_char=83008|end_char=83018
14629	deeply	_	_	_	_	14628	_	_	start_char=83019|end_char=83025
14630	was	_	_	_	_	14629	_	_	start_char=83026|end_char=83029
14631	I	_	_	_	_	14630	_	_	start_char=83030|end_char=83031
14632	engrossed	_	_	_	_	14631	_	_	start_char=83032|end_char=83041
14633	in	_	_	_	_	14632	_	_	start_char=83042|end_char=83044
14634	my	_	_	_	_	14633	_	_	start_char=83045|end_char=83047
14635	occupation.	_	_	_	_	14634	_	_	start_char=83048|end_char=83059
14636	The	_	_	_	_	14635	_	_	start_char=83060|end_char=83063
14637	leaves	_	_	_	_	14636	_	_	start_char=83064|end_char=83070
14638	of	_	_	_	_	14637	_	_	start_char=83071|end_char=83073
14639	that	_	_	_	_	14638	_	_	start_char=83074|end_char=83078
14640	year	_	_	_	_	14639	_	_	start_char=83079|end_char=83083
14641	had	_	_	_	_	14640	_	_	start_char=83084|end_char=83087
14642	withered	_	_	_	_	14641	_	_	start_char=83088|end_char=83096
14643	before	_	_	_	_	14642	_	_	start_char=83097|end_char=83103
14644	my	_	_	_	_	14643	_	_	start_char=83104|end_char=83106
14645	work	_	_	_	_	14644	_	_	start_char=83107|end_char=83111
14646	drew	_	_	_	_	14645	_	_	start_char=83112|end_char=83116
14647	near	_	_	_	_	14646	_	_	start_char=83117|end_char=83121
14648	to	_	_	_	_	14647	_	_	start_char=83122|end_char=83124
14649	a	_	_	_	_	14648	_	_	start_char=83125|end_char=83126
14650	close,	_	_	_	_	14649	_	_	start_char=83127|end_char=83133
14651	and	_	_	_	_	14650	_	_	start_char=83134|end_char=83137
14652	now	_	_	_	_	14651	_	_	start_char=83138|end_char=83141
14653	every	_	_	_	_	14652	_	_	start_char=83142|end_char=83147
14654	day	_	_	_	_	14653	_	_	start_char=83148|end_char=83151
14655	showed	_	_	_	_	14654	_	_	start_char=83152|end_char=83158
14656	me	_	_	_	_	14655	_	_	start_char=83159|end_char=83161
14657	more	_	_	_	_	14656	_	_	start_char=83162|end_char=83166
14658	plainly	_	_	_	_	14657	_	_	start_char=83167|end_char=83174
14659	how	_	_	_	_	14658	_	_	start_char=83175|end_char=83178
14660	well	_	_	_	_	14659	_	_	start_char=83179|end_char=83183
14661	I	_	_	_	_	14660	_	_	start_char=83184|end_char=83185
14662	had	_	_	_	_	14661	_	_	start_char=83186|end_char=83189
14663	succeeded.	_	_	_	_	14662	_	_	start_char=83190|end_char=83200
14664	But	_	_	_	_	14663	_	_	start_char=83201|end_char=83204
14665	my	_	_	_	_	14664	_	_	start_char=83205|end_char=83207
14666	enthusiasm	_	_	_	_	14665	_	_	start_char=83208|end_char=83218
14667	was	_	_	_	_	14666	_	_	start_char=83219|end_char=83222
14668	checked	_	_	_	_	14667	_	_	start_char=83223|end_char=83230
14669	by	_	_	_	_	14668	_	_	start_char=83231|end_char=83233
14670	my	_	_	_	_	14669	_	_	start_char=83234|end_char=83236
14671	anxiety,	_	_	_	_	14670	_	_	start_char=83237|end_char=83245
14672	and	_	_	_	_	14671	_	_	start_char=83246|end_char=83249
14673	I	_	_	_	_	14672	_	_	start_char=83250|end_char=83251
14674	appeared	_	_	_	_	14673	_	_	start_char=83252|end_char=83260
14675	rather	_	_	_	_	14674	_	_	start_char=83261|end_char=83267
14676	like	_	_	_	_	14675	_	_	start_char=83268|end_char=83272
14677	one	_	_	_	_	14676	_	_	start_char=83273|end_char=83276
14678	doomed	_	_	_	_	14677	_	_	start_char=83277|end_char=83283
14679	by	_	_	_	_	14678	_	_	start_char=83284|end_char=83286
14680	slavery	_	_	_	_	14679	_	_	start_char=83287|end_char=83294
14681	to	_	_	_	_	14680	_	_	start_char=83295|end_char=83297
14682	toil	_	_	_	_	14681	_	_	start_char=83298|end_char=83302
14683	in	_	_	_	_	14682	_	_	start_char=83303|end_char=83305
14684	the	_	_	_	_	14683	_	_	start_char=83306|end_char=83309
14685	mines,	_	_	_	_	14684	_	_	start_char=83310|end_char=83316
14686	or	_	_	_	_	14685	_	_	start_char=83317|end_char=83319
14687	any	_	_	_	_	14686	_	_	start_char=83320|end_char=83323
14688	other	_	_	_	_	14687	_	_	start_char=83324|end_char=83329
14689	unwholesome	_	_	_	_	14688	_	_	start_char=83330|end_char=83341
14690	trade	_	_	_	_	14689	_	_	start_char=83342|end_char=83347
14691	than	_	_	_	_	14690	_	_	start_char=83348|end_char=83352
14692	an	_	_	_	_	14691	_	_	start_char=83353|end_char=83355
14693	artist	_	_	_	_	14692	_	_	start_char=83356|end_char=83362
14694	occupied	_	_	_	_	14693	_	_	start_char=83363|end_char=83371
14695	by	_	_	_	_	14694	_	_	start_char=83372|end_char=83374
14696	his	_	_	_	_	14695	_	_	start_char=83375|end_char=83378
14697	favourite	_	_	_	_	14696	_	_	start_char=83379|end_char=83388
14698	employment.	_	_	_	_	14697	_	_	start_char=83389|end_char=83400
14699	Every	_	_	_	_	14698	_	_	start_char=83401|end_char=83406
14700	night	_	_	_	_	14699	_	_	start_char=83407|end_char=83412
14701	I	_	_	_	_	14700	_	_	start_char=83413|end_char=83414
14702	was	_	_	_	_	14701	_	_	start_char=83415|end_char=83418
14703	oppressed	_	_	_	_	14702	_	_	start_char=83419|end_char=83428
14704	by	_	_	_	_	14703	_	_	start_char=83429|end_char=83431
14705	a	_	_	_	_	14704	_	_	start_char=83432|end_char=83433
14706	slow	_	_	_	_	14705	_	_	start_char=83434|end_char=83438
14707	fever,	_	_	_	_	14706	_	_	start_char=83439|end_char=83445
14708	and	_	_	_	_	14707	_	_	start_char=83446|end_char=83449
14709	I	_	_	_	_	14708	_	_	start_char=83450|end_char=83451
14710	became	_	_	_	_	14709	_	_	start_char=83452|end_char=83458
14711	nervous	_	_	_	_	14710	_	_	start_char=83459|end_char=83466
14712	to	_	_	_	_	14711	_	_	start_char=83467|end_char=83469
14713	a	_	_	_	_	14712	_	_	start_char=83470|end_char=83471
14714	most	_	_	_	_	14713	_	_	start_char=83472|end_char=83476
14715	painful	_	_	_	_	14714	_	_	start_char=83477|end_char=83484
14716	degree;	_	_	_	_	14715	_	_	start_char=83485|end_char=83492
14717	the	_	_	_	_	14716	_	_	start_char=83493|end_char=83496
14718	fall	_	_	_	_	14717	_	_	start_char=83497|end_char=83501
14719	of	_	_	_	_	14718	_	_	start_char=83502|end_char=83504
14720	a	_	_	_	_	14719	_	_	start_char=83505|end_char=83506
14721	leaf	_	_	_	_	14720	_	_	start_char=83507|end_char=83511
14722	startled	_	_	_	_	14721	_	_	start_char=83512|end_char=83520
14723	me,	_	_	_	_	14722	_	_	start_char=83521|end_char=83524
14724	and	_	_	_	_	14723	_	_	start_char=83525|end_char=83528
14725	I	_	_	_	_	14724	_	_	start_char=83529|end_char=83530
14726	shunned	_	_	_	_	14725	_	_	start_char=83531|end_char=83538
14727	my	_	_	_	_	14726	_	_	start_char=83539|end_char=83541
14728	fellow	_	_	_	_	14727	_	_	start_char=83542|end_char=83548
14729	creatures	_	_	_	_	14728	_	_	start_char=83549|end_char=83558
14730	as	_	_	_	_	14729	_	_	start_char=83559|end_char=83561
14731	if	_	_	_	_	14730	_	_	start_char=83562|end_char=83564
14732	I	_	_	_	_	14731	_	_	start_char=83565|end_char=83566
14733	had	_	_	_	_	14732	_	_	start_char=83567|end_char=83570
14734	been	_	_	_	_	14733	_	_	start_char=83571|end_char=83575
14735	guilty	_	_	_	_	14734	_	_	start_char=83576|end_char=83582
14736	of	_	_	_	_	14735	_	_	start_char=83583|end_char=83585
14737	a	_	_	_	_	14736	_	_	start_char=83586|end_char=83587
14738	crime.	_	_	_	_	14737	_	_	start_char=83588|end_char=83594
14739	Sometimes	_	_	_	_	14738	_	_	start_char=83595|end_char=83604
14740	I	_	_	_	_	14739	_	_	start_char=83605|end_char=83606
14741	grew	_	_	_	_	14740	_	_	start_char=83607|end_char=83611
14742	alarmed	_	_	_	_	14741	_	_	start_char=83612|end_char=83619
14743	at	_	_	_	_	14742	_	_	start_char=83620|end_char=83622
14744	the	_	_	_	_	14743	_	_	start_char=83623|end_char=83626
14745	wreck	_	_	_	_	14744	_	_	start_char=83627|end_char=83632
14746	I	_	_	_	_	14745	_	_	start_char=83633|end_char=83634
14747	perceived	_	_	_	_	14746	_	_	start_char=83635|end_char=83644
14748	that	_	_	_	_	14747	_	_	start_char=83645|end_char=83649
14749	I	_	_	_	_	14748	_	_	start_char=83650|end_char=83651
14750	had	_	_	_	_	14749	_	_	start_char=83652|end_char=83655
14751	become;	_	_	_	_	14750	_	_	start_char=83656|end_char=83663
14752	the	_	_	_	_	14751	_	_	start_char=83664|end_char=83667
14753	energy	_	_	_	_	14752	_	_	start_char=83668|end_char=83674
14754	of	_	_	_	_	14753	_	_	start_char=83675|end_char=83677
14755	my	_	_	_	_	14754	_	_	start_char=83678|end_char=83680
14756	purpose	_	_	_	_	14755	_	_	start_char=83681|end_char=83688
14757	alone	_	_	_	_	14756	_	_	start_char=83689|end_char=83694
14758	sustained	_	_	_	_	14757	_	_	start_char=83695|end_char=83704
14759	me:	_	_	_	_	14758	_	_	start_char=83705|end_char=83708
14760	my	_	_	_	_	14759	_	_	start_char=83709|end_char=83711
14761	labours	_	_	_	_	14760	_	_	start_char=83712|end_char=83719
14762	would	_	_	_	_	14761	_	_	start_char=83720|end_char=83725
14763	soon	_	_	_	_	14762	_	_	start_char=83726|end_char=83730
14764	end,	_	_	_	_	14763	_	_	start_char=83731|end_char=83735
14765	and	_	_	_	_	14764	_	_	start_char=83736|end_char=83739
14766	I	_	_	_	_	14765	_	_	start_char=83740|end_char=83741
14767	believed	_	_	_	_	14766	_	_	start_char=83742|end_char=83750
14768	that	_	_	_	_	14767	_	_	start_char=83751|end_char=83755
14769	exercise	_	_	_	_	14768	_	_	start_char=83756|end_char=83764
14770	and	_	_	_	_	14769	_	_	start_char=83765|end_char=83768
14771	amusement	_	_	_	_	14770	_	_	start_char=83769|end_char=83778
14772	would	_	_	_	_	14771	_	_	start_char=83779|end_char=83784
14773	then	_	_	_	_	14772	_	_	start_char=83785|end_char=83789
14774	drive	_	_	_	_	14773	_	_	start_char=83790|end_char=83795
14775	away	_	_	_	_	14774	_	_	start_char=83796|end_char=83800
14776	incipient	_	_	_	_	14775	_	_	start_char=83801|end_char=83810
14777	disease;	_	_	_	_	14776	_	_	start_char=83811|end_char=83819
14778	and	_	_	_	_	14777	_	_	start_char=83820|end_char=83823
14779	I	_	_	_	_	14778	_	_	start_char=83824|end_char=83825
14780	promised	_	_	_	_	14779	_	_	start_char=83826|end_char=83834
14781	myself	_	_	_	_	14780	_	_	start_char=83835|end_char=83841
14782	both	_	_	_	_	14781	_	_	start_char=83842|end_char=83846
14783	of	_	_	_	_	14782	_	_	start_char=83847|end_char=83849
14784	these	_	_	_	_	14783	_	_	start_char=83850|end_char=83855
14785	when	_	_	_	_	14784	_	_	start_char=83856|end_char=83860
14786	my	_	_	_	_	14785	_	_	start_char=83861|end_char=83863
14787	creation	_	_	_	_	14786	_	_	start_char=83864|end_char=83872
14788	should	_	_	_	_	14787	_	_	start_char=83873|end_char=83879
14789	be	_	_	_	_	14788	_	_	start_char=83880|end_char=83882
14790	complete.	_	_	_	_	14789	_	_	start_char=83883|end_char=83892
14791	Chapter	_	_	_	_	14790	_	_	start_char=83893|end_char=83900
14792	5	_	_	_	_	14791	_	_	start_char=83901|end_char=83902
14793	It	_	_	_	_	14792	_	_	start_char=83903|end_char=83905
14794	was	_	_	_	_	14793	_	_	start_char=83906|end_char=83909
14795	on	_	_	_	_	14794	_	_	start_char=83910|end_char=83912
14796	a	_	_	_	_	14795	_	_	start_char=83913|end_char=83914
14797	dreary	_	_	_	_	14796	_	_	start_char=83915|end_char=83921
14798	night	_	_	_	_	14797	_	_	start_char=83922|end_char=83927
14799	of	_	_	_	_	14798	_	_	start_char=83928|end_char=83930
14800	November	_	_	_	_	14799	_	_	start_char=83931|end_char=83939
14801	that	_	_	_	_	14800	_	_	start_char=83940|end_char=83944
14802	I	_	_	_	_	14801	_	_	start_char=83945|end_char=83946
14803	beheld	_	_	_	_	14802	_	_	start_char=83947|end_char=83953
14804	the	_	_	_	_	14803	_	_	start_char=83954|end_char=83957
14805	accomplishment	_	_	_	_	14804	_	_	start_char=83958|end_char=83972
14806	of	_	_	_	_	14805	_	_	start_char=83973|end_char=83975
14807	my	_	_	_	_	14806	_	_	start_char=83976|end_char=83978
14808	toils.	_	_	_	_	14807	_	_	start_char=83979|end_char=83985
14809	With	_	_	_	_	14808	_	_	start_char=83986|end_char=83990
14810	an	_	_	_	_	14809	_	_	start_char=83991|end_char=83993
14811	anxiety	_	_	_	_	14810	_	_	start_char=83994|end_char=84001
14812	that	_	_	_	_	14811	_	_	start_char=84002|end_char=84006
14813	almost	_	_	_	_	14812	_	_	start_char=84007|end_char=84013
14814	amounted	_	_	_	_	14813	_	_	start_char=84014|end_char=84022
14815	to	_	_	_	_	14814	_	_	start_char=84023|end_char=84025
14816	agony,	_	_	_	_	14815	_	_	start_char=84026|end_char=84032
14817	I	_	_	_	_	14816	_	_	start_char=84033|end_char=84034
14818	collected	_	_	_	_	14817	_	_	start_char=84035|end_char=84044
14819	the	_	_	_	_	14818	_	_	start_char=84045|end_char=84048
14820	instruments	_	_	_	_	14819	_	_	start_char=84049|end_char=84060
14821	of	_	_	_	_	14820	_	_	start_char=84061|end_char=84063
14822	life	_	_	_	_	14821	_	_	start_char=84064|end_char=84068
14823	around	_	_	_	_	14822	_	_	start_char=84069|end_char=84075
14824	me,	_	_	_	_	14823	_	_	start_char=84076|end_char=84079
14825	that	_	_	_	_	14824	_	_	start_char=84080|end_char=84084
14826	I	_	_	_	_	14825	_	_	start_char=84085|end_char=84086
14827	might	_	_	_	_	14826	_	_	start_char=84087|end_char=84092
14828	infuse	_	_	_	_	14827	_	_	start_char=84093|end_char=84099
14829	a	_	_	_	_	14828	_	_	start_char=84100|end_char=84101
14830	spark	_	_	_	_	14829	_	_	start_char=84102|end_char=84107
14831	of	_	_	_	_	14830	_	_	start_char=84108|end_char=84110
14832	being	_	_	_	_	14831	_	_	start_char=84111|end_char=84116
14833	into	_	_	_	_	14832	_	_	start_char=84117|end_char=84121
14834	the	_	_	_	_	14833	_	_	start_char=84122|end_char=84125
14835	lifeless	_	_	_	_	14834	_	_	start_char=84126|end_char=84134
14836	thing	_	_	_	_	14835	_	_	start_char=84135|end_char=84140
14837	that	_	_	_	_	14836	_	_	start_char=84141|end_char=84145
14838	lay	_	_	_	_	14837	_	_	start_char=84146|end_char=84149
14839	at	_	_	_	_	14838	_	_	start_char=84150|end_char=84152
14840	my	_	_	_	_	14839	_	_	start_char=84153|end_char=84155
14841	feet.	_	_	_	_	14840	_	_	start_char=84156|end_char=84161
14842	It	_	_	_	_	14841	_	_	start_char=84162|end_char=84164
14843	was	_	_	_	_	14842	_	_	start_char=84165|end_char=84168
14844	already	_	_	_	_	14843	_	_	start_char=84169|end_char=84176
14845	one	_	_	_	_	14844	_	_	start_char=84177|end_char=84180
14846	in	_	_	_	_	14845	_	_	start_char=84181|end_char=84183
14847	the	_	_	_	_	14846	_	_	start_char=84184|end_char=84187
14848	morning;	_	_	_	_	14847	_	_	start_char=84188|end_char=84196
14849	the	_	_	_	_	14848	_	_	start_char=84197|end_char=84200
14850	rain	_	_	_	_	14849	_	_	start_char=84201|end_char=84205
14851	pattered	_	_	_	_	14850	_	_	start_char=84206|end_char=84214
14852	dismally	_	_	_	_	14851	_	_	start_char=84215|end_char=84223
14853	against	_	_	_	_	14852	_	_	start_char=84224|end_char=84231
14854	the	_	_	_	_	14853	_	_	start_char=84232|end_char=84235
14855	panes,	_	_	_	_	14854	_	_	start_char=84236|end_char=84242
14856	and	_	_	_	_	14855	_	_	start_char=84243|end_char=84246
14857	my	_	_	_	_	14856	_	_	start_char=84247|end_char=84249
14858	candle	_	_	_	_	14857	_	_	start_char=84250|end_char=84256
14859	was	_	_	_	_	14858	_	_	start_char=84257|end_char=84260
14860	nearly	_	_	_	_	14859	_	_	start_char=84261|end_char=84267
14861	burnt	_	_	_	_	14860	_	_	start_char=84268|end_char=84273
14862	out,	_	_	_	_	14861	_	_	start_char=84274|end_char=84278
14863	when,	_	_	_	_	14862	_	_	start_char=84279|end_char=84284
14864	by	_	_	_	_	14863	_	_	start_char=84285|end_char=84287
14865	the	_	_	_	_	14864	_	_	start_char=84288|end_char=84291
14866	glimmer	_	_	_	_	14865	_	_	start_char=84292|end_char=84299
14867	of	_	_	_	_	14866	_	_	start_char=84300|end_char=84302
14868	the	_	_	_	_	14867	_	_	start_char=84303|end_char=84306
14869	half-extinguished	_	_	_	_	14868	_	_	start_char=84307|end_char=84324
14870	light,	_	_	_	_	14869	_	_	start_char=84325|end_char=84331
14871	I	_	_	_	_	14870	_	_	start_char=84332|end_char=84333
14872	saw	_	_	_	_	14871	_	_	start_char=84334|end_char=84337
14873	the	_	_	_	_	14872	_	_	start_char=84338|end_char=84341
14874	dull	_	_	_	_	14873	_	_	start_char=84342|end_char=84346
14875	yellow	_	_	_	_	14874	_	_	start_char=84347|end_char=84353
14876	eye	_	_	_	_	14875	_	_	start_char=84354|end_char=84357
14877	of	_	_	_	_	14876	_	_	start_char=84358|end_char=84360
14878	the	_	_	_	_	14877	_	_	start_char=84361|end_char=84364
14879	creature	_	_	_	_	14878	_	_	start_char=84365|end_char=84373
14880	open;	_	_	_	_	14879	_	_	start_char=84374|end_char=84379
14881	it	_	_	_	_	14880	_	_	start_char=84380|end_char=84382
14882	breathed	_	_	_	_	14881	_	_	start_char=84383|end_char=84391
14883	hard,	_	_	_	_	14882	_	_	start_char=84392|end_char=84397
14884	and	_	_	_	_	14883	_	_	start_char=84398|end_char=84401
14885	a	_	_	_	_	14884	_	_	start_char=84402|end_char=84403
14886	convulsive	_	_	_	_	14885	_	_	start_char=84404|end_char=84414
14887	motion	_	_	_	_	14886	_	_	start_char=84415|end_char=84421
14888	agitated	_	_	_	_	14887	_	_	start_char=84422|end_char=84430
14889	its	_	_	_	_	14888	_	_	start_char=84431|end_char=84434
14890	limbs.	_	_	_	_	14889	_	_	start_char=84435|end_char=84441
14891	How	_	_	_	_	14890	_	_	start_char=84442|end_char=84445
14892	can	_	_	_	_	14891	_	_	start_char=84446|end_char=84449
14893	I	_	_	_	_	14892	_	_	start_char=84450|end_char=84451
14894	describe	_	_	_	_	14893	_	_	start_char=84452|end_char=84460
14895	my	_	_	_	_	14894	_	_	start_char=84461|end_char=84463
14896	emotions	_	_	_	_	14895	_	_	start_char=84464|end_char=84472
14897	at	_	_	_	_	14896	_	_	start_char=84473|end_char=84475
14898	this	_	_	_	_	14897	_	_	start_char=84476|end_char=84480
14899	catastrophe,	_	_	_	_	14898	_	_	start_char=84481|end_char=84493
14900	or	_	_	_	_	14899	_	_	start_char=84494|end_char=84496
14901	how	_	_	_	_	14900	_	_	start_char=84497|end_char=84500
14902	delineate	_	_	_	_	14901	_	_	start_char=84501|end_char=84510
14903	the	_	_	_	_	14902	_	_	start_char=84511|end_char=84514
14904	wretch	_	_	_	_	14903	_	_	start_char=84515|end_char=84521
14905	whom	_	_	_	_	14904	_	_	start_char=84522|end_char=84526
14906	with	_	_	_	_	14905	_	_	start_char=84527|end_char=84531
14907	such	_	_	_	_	14906	_	_	start_char=84532|end_char=84536
14908	infinite	_	_	_	_	14907	_	_	start_char=84537|end_char=84545
14909	pains	_	_	_	_	14908	_	_	start_char=84546|end_char=84551
14910	and	_	_	_	_	14909	_	_	start_char=84552|end_char=84555
14911	care	_	_	_	_	14910	_	_	start_char=84556|end_char=84560
14912	I	_	_	_	_	14911	_	_	start_char=84561|end_char=84562
14913	had	_	_	_	_	14912	_	_	start_char=84563|end_char=84566
14914	endeavoured	_	_	_	_	14913	_	_	start_char=84567|end_char=84578
14915	to	_	_	_	_	14914	_	_	start_char=84579|end_char=84581
14916	form?	_	_	_	_	14915	_	_	start_char=84582|end_char=84587
14917	His	_	_	_	_	14916	_	_	start_char=84588|end_char=84591
14918	limbs	_	_	_	_	14917	_	_	start_char=84592|end_char=84597
14919	were	_	_	_	_	14918	_	_	start_char=84598|end_char=84602
14920	in	_	_	_	_	14919	_	_	start_char=84603|end_char=84605
14921	proportion,	_	_	_	_	14920	_	_	start_char=84606|end_char=84617
14922	and	_	_	_	_	14921	_	_	start_char=84618|end_char=84621
14923	I	_	_	_	_	14922	_	_	start_char=84622|end_char=84623
14924	had	_	_	_	_	14923	_	_	start_char=84624|end_char=84627
14925	selected	_	_	_	_	14924	_	_	start_char=84628|end_char=84636
14926	his	_	_	_	_	14925	_	_	start_char=84637|end_char=84640
14927	features	_	_	_	_	14926	_	_	start_char=84641|end_char=84649
14928	as	_	_	_	_	14927	_	_	start_char=84650|end_char=84652
14929	beautiful.	_	_	_	_	14928	_	_	start_char=84653|end_char=84663
14930	Beautiful!	_	_	_	_	14929	_	_	start_char=84664|end_char=84674
14931	Great	_	_	_	_	14930	_	_	start_char=84675|end_char=84680
14932	God!	_	_	_	_	14931	_	_	start_char=84681|end_char=84685
14933	His	_	_	_	_	14932	_	_	start_char=84686|end_char=84689
14934	yellow	_	_	_	_	14933	_	_	start_char=84690|end_char=84696
14935	skin	_	_	_	_	14934	_	_	start_char=84697|end_char=84701
14936	scarcely	_	_	_	_	14935	_	_	start_char=84702|end_char=84710
14937	covered	_	_	_	_	14936	_	_	start_char=84711|end_char=84718
14938	the	_	_	_	_	14937	_	_	start_char=84719|end_char=84722
14939	work	_	_	_	_	14938	_	_	start_char=84723|end_char=84727
14940	of	_	_	_	_	14939	_	_	start_char=84728|end_char=84730
14941	muscles	_	_	_	_	14940	_	_	start_char=84731|end_char=84738
14942	and	_	_	_	_	14941	_	_	start_char=84739|end_char=84742
14943	arteries	_	_	_	_	14942	_	_	start_char=84743|end_char=84751
14944	beneath;	_	_	_	_	14943	_	_	start_char=84752|end_char=84760
14945	his	_	_	_	_	14944	_	_	start_char=84761|end_char=84764
14946	hair	_	_	_	_	14945	_	_	start_char=84765|end_char=84769
14947	was	_	_	_	_	14946	_	_	start_char=84770|end_char=84773
14948	of	_	_	_	_	14947	_	_	start_char=84774|end_char=84776
14949	a	_	_	_	_	14948	_	_	start_char=84777|end_char=84778
14950	lustrous	_	_	_	_	14949	_	_	start_char=84779|end_char=84787
14951	black,	_	_	_	_	14950	_	_	start_char=84788|end_char=84794
14952	and	_	_	_	_	14951	_	_	start_char=84795|end_char=84798
14953	flowing;	_	_	_	_	14952	_	_	start_char=84799|end_char=84807
14954	his	_	_	_	_	14953	_	_	start_char=84808|end_char=84811
14955	teeth	_	_	_	_	14954	_	_	start_char=84812|end_char=84817
14956	of	_	_	_	_	14955	_	_	start_char=84818|end_char=84820
14957	a	_	_	_	_	14956	_	_	start_char=84821|end_char=84822
14958	pearly	_	_	_	_	14957	_	_	start_char=84823|end_char=84829
14959	whiteness;	_	_	_	_	14958	_	_	start_char=84830|end_char=84840
14960	but	_	_	_	_	14959	_	_	start_char=84841|end_char=84844
14961	these	_	_	_	_	14960	_	_	start_char=84845|end_char=84850
14962	luxuriances	_	_	_	_	14961	_	_	start_char=84851|end_char=84862
14963	only	_	_	_	_	14962	_	_	start_char=84863|end_char=84867
14964	formed	_	_	_	_	14963	_	_	start_char=84868|end_char=84874
14965	a	_	_	_	_	14964	_	_	start_char=84875|end_char=84876
14966	more	_	_	_	_	14965	_	_	start_char=84877|end_char=84881
14967	horrid	_	_	_	_	14966	_	_	start_char=84882|end_char=84888
14968	contrast	_	_	_	_	14967	_	_	start_char=84889|end_char=84897
14969	with	_	_	_	_	14968	_	_	start_char=84898|end_char=84902
14970	his	_	_	_	_	14969	_	_	start_char=84903|end_char=84906
14971	watery	_	_	_	_	14970	_	_	start_char=84907|end_char=84913
14972	eyes,	_	_	_	_	14971	_	_	start_char=84914|end_char=84919
14973	that	_	_	_	_	14972	_	_	start_char=84920|end_char=84924
14974	seemed	_	_	_	_	14973	_	_	start_char=84925|end_char=84931
14975	almost	_	_	_	_	14974	_	_	start_char=84932|end_char=84938
14976	of	_	_	_	_	14975	_	_	start_char=84939|end_char=84941
14977	the	_	_	_	_	14976	_	_	start_char=84942|end_char=84945
14978	same	_	_	_	_	14977	_	_	start_char=84946|end_char=84950
14979	colour	_	_	_	_	14978	_	_	start_char=84951|end_char=84957
14980	as	_	_	_	_	14979	_	_	start_char=84958|end_char=84960
14981	the	_	_	_	_	14980	_	_	start_char=84961|end_char=84964
14982	dun-white	_	_	_	_	14981	_	_	start_char=84965|end_char=84974
14983	sockets	_	_	_	_	14982	_	_	start_char=84975|end_char=84982
14984	in	_	_	_	_	14983	_	_	start_char=84983|end_char=84985
14985	which	_	_	_	_	14984	_	_	start_char=84986|end_char=84991
14986	they	_	_	_	_	14985	_	_	start_char=84992|end_char=84996
14987	were	_	_	_	_	14986	_	_	start_char=84997|end_char=85001
14988	set,	_	_	_	_	14987	_	_	start_char=85002|end_char=85006
14989	his	_	_	_	_	14988	_	_	start_char=85007|end_char=85010
14990	shrivelled	_	_	_	_	14989	_	_	start_char=85011|end_char=85021
14991	complexion	_	_	_	_	14990	_	_	start_char=85022|end_char=85032
14992	and	_	_	_	_	14991	_	_	start_char=85033|end_char=85036
14993	straight	_	_	_	_	14992	_	_	start_char=85037|end_char=85045
14994	black	_	_	_	_	14993	_	_	start_char=85046|end_char=85051
14995	lips.	_	_	_	_	14994	_	_	start_char=85052|end_char=85057
14996	The	_	_	_	_	14995	_	_	start_char=85058|end_char=85061
14997	different	_	_	_	_	14996	_	_	start_char=85062|end_char=85071
14998	accidents	_	_	_	_	14997	_	_	start_char=85072|end_char=85081
14999	of	_	_	_	_	14998	_	_	start_char=85082|end_char=85084
15000	life	_	_	_	_	14999	_	_	start_char=85085|end_char=85089
15001	are	_	_	_	_	15000	_	_	start_char=85090|end_char=85093
15002	not	_	_	_	_	15001	_	_	start_char=85094|end_char=85097
15003	so	_	_	_	_	15002	_	_	start_char=85098|end_char=85100
15004	changeable	_	_	_	_	15003	_	_	start_char=85101|end_char=85111
15005	as	_	_	_	_	15004	_	_	start_char=85112|end_char=85114
15006	the	_	_	_	_	15005	_	_	start_char=85115|end_char=85118
15007	feelings	_	_	_	_	15006	_	_	start_char=85119|end_char=85127
15008	of	_	_	_	_	15007	_	_	start_char=85128|end_char=85130
15009	human	_	_	_	_	15008	_	_	start_char=85131|end_char=85136
15010	nature.	_	_	_	_	15009	_	_	start_char=85137|end_char=85144
15011	I	_	_	_	_	15010	_	_	start_char=85145|end_char=85146
15012	had	_	_	_	_	15011	_	_	start_char=85147|end_char=85150
15013	worked	_	_	_	_	15012	_	_	start_char=85151|end_char=85157
15014	hard	_	_	_	_	15013	_	_	start_char=85158|end_char=85162
15015	for	_	_	_	_	15014	_	_	start_char=85163|end_char=85166
15016	nearly	_	_	_	_	15015	_	_	start_char=85167|end_char=85173
15017	two	_	_	_	_	15016	_	_	start_char=85174|end_char=85177
15018	years,	_	_	_	_	15017	_	_	start_char=85178|end_char=85184
15019	for	_	_	_	_	15018	_	_	start_char=85185|end_char=85188
15020	the	_	_	_	_	15019	_	_	start_char=85189|end_char=85192
15021	sole	_	_	_	_	15020	_	_	start_char=85193|end_char=85197
15022	purpose	_	_	_	_	15021	_	_	start_char=85198|end_char=85205
15023	of	_	_	_	_	15022	_	_	start_char=85206|end_char=85208
15024	infusing	_	_	_	_	15023	_	_	start_char=85209|end_char=85217
15025	life	_	_	_	_	15024	_	_	start_char=85218|end_char=85222
15026	into	_	_	_	_	15025	_	_	start_char=85223|end_char=85227
15027	an	_	_	_	_	15026	_	_	start_char=85228|end_char=85230
15028	inanimate	_	_	_	_	15027	_	_	start_char=85231|end_char=85240
15029	body.	_	_	_	_	15028	_	_	start_char=85241|end_char=85246
15030	For	_	_	_	_	15029	_	_	start_char=85247|end_char=85250
15031	this	_	_	_	_	15030	_	_	start_char=85251|end_char=85255
15032	I	_	_	_	_	15031	_	_	start_char=85256|end_char=85257
15033	had	_	_	_	_	15032	_	_	start_char=85258|end_char=85261
15034	deprived	_	_	_	_	15033	_	_	start_char=85262|end_char=85270
15035	myself	_	_	_	_	15034	_	_	start_char=85271|end_char=85277
15036	of	_	_	_	_	15035	_	_	start_char=85278|end_char=85280
15037	rest	_	_	_	_	15036	_	_	start_char=85281|end_char=85285
15038	and	_	_	_	_	15037	_	_	start_char=85286|end_char=85289
15039	health.	_	_	_	_	15038	_	_	start_char=85290|end_char=85297
15040	I	_	_	_	_	15039	_	_	start_char=85298|end_char=85299
15041	had	_	_	_	_	15040	_	_	start_char=85300|end_char=85303
15042	desired	_	_	_	_	15041	_	_	start_char=85304|end_char=85311
15043	it	_	_	_	_	15042	_	_	start_char=85312|end_char=85314
15044	with	_	_	_	_	15043	_	_	start_char=85315|end_char=85319
15045	an	_	_	_	_	15044	_	_	start_char=85320|end_char=85322
15046	ardour	_	_	_	_	15045	_	_	start_char=85323|end_char=85329
15047	that	_	_	_	_	15046	_	_	start_char=85330|end_char=85334
15048	far	_	_	_	_	15047	_	_	start_char=85335|end_char=85338
15049	exceeded	_	_	_	_	15048	_	_	start_char=85339|end_char=85347
15050	moderation;	_	_	_	_	15049	_	_	start_char=85348|end_char=85359
15051	but	_	_	_	_	15050	_	_	start_char=85360|end_char=85363
15052	now	_	_	_	_	15051	_	_	start_char=85364|end_char=85367
15053	that	_	_	_	_	15052	_	_	start_char=85368|end_char=85372
15054	I	_	_	_	_	15053	_	_	start_char=85373|end_char=85374
15055	had	_	_	_	_	15054	_	_	start_char=85375|end_char=85378
15056	finished,	_	_	_	_	15055	_	_	start_char=85379|end_char=85388
15057	the	_	_	_	_	15056	_	_	start_char=85389|end_char=85392
15058	beauty	_	_	_	_	15057	_	_	start_char=85393|end_char=85399
15059	of	_	_	_	_	15058	_	_	start_char=85400|end_char=85402
15060	the	_	_	_	_	15059	_	_	start_char=85403|end_char=85406
15061	dream	_	_	_	_	15060	_	_	start_char=85407|end_char=85412
15062	vanished,	_	_	_	_	15061	_	_	start_char=85413|end_char=85422
15063	and	_	_	_	_	15062	_	_	start_char=85423|end_char=85426
15064	breathless	_	_	_	_	15063	_	_	start_char=85427|end_char=85437
15065	horror	_	_	_	_	15064	_	_	start_char=85438|end_char=85444
15066	and	_	_	_	_	15065	_	_	start_char=85445|end_char=85448
15067	disgust	_	_	_	_	15066	_	_	start_char=85449|end_char=85456
15068	filled	_	_	_	_	15067	_	_	start_char=85457|end_char=85463
15069	my	_	_	_	_	15068	_	_	start_char=85464|end_char=85466
15070	heart.	_	_	_	_	15069	_	_	start_char=85467|end_char=85473
15071	Unable	_	_	_	_	15070	_	_	start_char=85474|end_char=85480
15072	to	_	_	_	_	15071	_	_	start_char=85481|end_char=85483
15073	endure	_	_	_	_	15072	_	_	start_char=85484|end_char=85490
15074	the	_	_	_	_	15073	_	_	start_char=85491|end_char=85494
15075	aspect	_	_	_	_	15074	_	_	start_char=85495|end_char=85501
15076	of	_	_	_	_	15075	_	_	start_char=85502|end_char=85504
15077	the	_	_	_	_	15076	_	_	start_char=85505|end_char=85508
15078	being	_	_	_	_	15077	_	_	start_char=85509|end_char=85514
15079	I	_	_	_	_	15078	_	_	start_char=85515|end_char=85516
15080	had	_	_	_	_	15079	_	_	start_char=85517|end_char=85520
15081	created,	_	_	_	_	15080	_	_	start_char=85521|end_char=85529
15082	I	_	_	_	_	15081	_	_	start_char=85530|end_char=85531
15083	rushed	_	_	_	_	15082	_	_	start_char=85532|end_char=85538
15084	out	_	_	_	_	15083	_	_	start_char=85539|end_char=85542
15085	of	_	_	_	_	15084	_	_	start_char=85543|end_char=85545
15086	the	_	_	_	_	15085	_	_	start_char=85546|end_char=85549
15087	room	_	_	_	_	15086	_	_	start_char=85550|end_char=85554
15088	and	_	_	_	_	15087	_	_	start_char=85555|end_char=85558
15089	continued	_	_	_	_	15088	_	_	start_char=85559|end_char=85568
15090	a	_	_	_	_	15089	_	_	start_char=85569|end_char=85570
15091	long	_	_	_	_	15090	_	_	start_char=85571|end_char=85575
15092	time	_	_	_	_	15091	_	_	start_char=85576|end_char=85580
15093	traversing	_	_	_	_	15092	_	_	start_char=85581|end_char=85591
15094	my	_	_	_	_	15093	_	_	start_char=85592|end_char=85594
15095	bed-chamber,	_	_	_	_	15094	_	_	start_char=85595|end_char=85607
15096	unable	_	_	_	_	15095	_	_	start_char=85608|end_char=85614
15097	to	_	_	_	_	15096	_	_	start_char=85615|end_char=85617
15098	compose	_	_	_	_	15097	_	_	start_char=85618|end_char=85625
15099	my	_	_	_	_	15098	_	_	start_char=85626|end_char=85628
15100	mind	_	_	_	_	15099	_	_	start_char=85629|end_char=85633
15101	to	_	_	_	_	15100	_	_	start_char=85634|end_char=85636
15102	sleep.	_	_	_	_	15101	_	_	start_char=85637|end_char=85643
15103	At	_	_	_	_	15102	_	_	start_char=85644|end_char=85646
15104	length	_	_	_	_	15103	_	_	start_char=85647|end_char=85653
15105	lassitude	_	_	_	_	15104	_	_	start_char=85654|end_char=85663
15106	succeeded	_	_	_	_	15105	_	_	start_char=85664|end_char=85673
15107	to	_	_	_	_	15106	_	_	start_char=85674|end_char=85676
15108	the	_	_	_	_	15107	_	_	start_char=85677|end_char=85680
15109	tumult	_	_	_	_	15108	_	_	start_char=85681|end_char=85687
15110	I	_	_	_	_	15109	_	_	start_char=85688|end_char=85689
15111	had	_	_	_	_	15110	_	_	start_char=85690|end_char=85693
15112	before	_	_	_	_	15111	_	_	start_char=85694|end_char=85700
15113	endured,	_	_	_	_	15112	_	_	start_char=85701|end_char=85709
15114	and	_	_	_	_	15113	_	_	start_char=85710|end_char=85713
15115	I	_	_	_	_	15114	_	_	start_char=85714|end_char=85715
15116	threw	_	_	_	_	15115	_	_	start_char=85716|end_char=85721
15117	myself	_	_	_	_	15116	_	_	start_char=85722|end_char=85728
15118	on	_	_	_	_	15117	_	_	start_char=85729|end_char=85731
15119	the	_	_	_	_	15118	_	_	start_char=85732|end_char=85735
15120	bed	_	_	_	_	15119	_	_	start_char=85736|end_char=85739
15121	in	_	_	_	_	15120	_	_	start_char=85740|end_char=85742
15122	my	_	_	_	_	15121	_	_	start_char=85743|end_char=85745
15123	clothes,	_	_	_	_	15122	_	_	start_char=85746|end_char=85754
15124	endeavouring	_	_	_	_	15123	_	_	start_char=85755|end_char=85767
15125	to	_	_	_	_	15124	_	_	start_char=85768|end_char=85770
15126	seek	_	_	_	_	15125	_	_	start_char=85771|end_char=85775
15127	a	_	_	_	_	15126	_	_	start_char=85776|end_char=85777
15128	few	_	_	_	_	15127	_	_	start_char=85778|end_char=85781
15129	moments	_	_	_	_	15128	_	_	start_char=85782|end_char=85789
15130	of	_	_	_	_	15129	_	_	start_char=85790|end_char=85792
15131	forgetfulness.	_	_	_	_	15130	_	_	start_char=85793|end_char=85807
15132	But	_	_	_	_	15131	_	_	start_char=85808|end_char=85811
15133	it	_	_	_	_	15132	_	_	start_char=85812|end_char=85814
15134	was	_	_	_	_	15133	_	_	start_char=85815|end_char=85818
15135	in	_	_	_	_	15134	_	_	start_char=85819|end_char=85821
15136	vain;	_	_	_	_	15135	_	_	start_char=85822|end_char=85827
15137	I	_	_	_	_	15136	_	_	start_char=85828|end_char=85829
15138	slept,	_	_	_	_	15137	_	_	start_char=85830|end_char=85836
15139	indeed,	_	_	_	_	15138	_	_	start_char=85837|end_char=85844
15140	but	_	_	_	_	15139	_	_	start_char=85845|end_char=85848
15141	I	_	_	_	_	15140	_	_	start_char=85849|end_char=85850
15142	was	_	_	_	_	15141	_	_	start_char=85851|end_char=85854
15143	disturbed	_	_	_	_	15142	_	_	start_char=85855|end_char=85864
15144	by	_	_	_	_	15143	_	_	start_char=85865|end_char=85867
15145	the	_	_	_	_	15144	_	_	start_char=85868|end_char=85871
15146	wildest	_	_	_	_	15145	_	_	start_char=85872|end_char=85879
15147	dreams.	_	_	_	_	15146	_	_	start_char=85880|end_char=85887
15148	I	_	_	_	_	15147	_	_	start_char=85888|end_char=85889
15149	thought	_	_	_	_	15148	_	_	start_char=85890|end_char=85897
15150	I	_	_	_	_	15149	_	_	start_char=85898|end_char=85899
15151	saw	_	_	_	_	15150	_	_	start_char=85900|end_char=85903
15152	Elizabeth,	_	_	_	_	15151	_	_	start_char=85904|end_char=85914
15153	in	_	_	_	_	15152	_	_	start_char=85915|end_char=85917
15154	the	_	_	_	_	15153	_	_	start_char=85918|end_char=85921
15155	bloom	_	_	_	_	15154	_	_	start_char=85922|end_char=85927
15156	of	_	_	_	_	15155	_	_	start_char=85928|end_char=85930
15157	health,	_	_	_	_	15156	_	_	start_char=85931|end_char=85938
15158	walking	_	_	_	_	15157	_	_	start_char=85939|end_char=85946
15159	in	_	_	_	_	15158	_	_	start_char=85947|end_char=85949
15160	the	_	_	_	_	15159	_	_	start_char=85950|end_char=85953
15161	streets	_	_	_	_	15160	_	_	start_char=85954|end_char=85961
15162	of	_	_	_	_	15161	_	_	start_char=85962|end_char=85964
15163	Ingolstadt.	_	_	_	_	15162	_	_	start_char=85965|end_char=85976
15164	Delighted	_	_	_	_	15163	_	_	start_char=85977|end_char=85986
15165	and	_	_	_	_	15164	_	_	start_char=85987|end_char=85990
15166	surprised,	_	_	_	_	15165	_	_	start_char=85991|end_char=86001
15167	I	_	_	_	_	15166	_	_	start_char=86002|end_char=86003
15168	embraced	_	_	_	_	15167	_	_	start_char=86004|end_char=86012
15169	her,	_	_	_	_	15168	_	_	start_char=86013|end_char=86017
15170	but	_	_	_	_	15169	_	_	start_char=86018|end_char=86021
15171	as	_	_	_	_	15170	_	_	start_char=86022|end_char=86024
15172	I	_	_	_	_	15171	_	_	start_char=86025|end_char=86026
15173	imprinted	_	_	_	_	15172	_	_	start_char=86027|end_char=86036
15174	the	_	_	_	_	15173	_	_	start_char=86037|end_char=86040
15175	first	_	_	_	_	15174	_	_	start_char=86041|end_char=86046
15176	kiss	_	_	_	_	15175	_	_	start_char=86047|end_char=86051
15177	on	_	_	_	_	15176	_	_	start_char=86052|end_char=86054
15178	her	_	_	_	_	15177	_	_	start_char=86055|end_char=86058
15179	lips,	_	_	_	_	15178	_	_	start_char=86059|end_char=86064
15180	they	_	_	_	_	15179	_	_	start_char=86065|end_char=86069
15181	became	_	_	_	_	15180	_	_	start_char=86070|end_char=86076
15182	livid	_	_	_	_	15181	_	_	start_char=86077|end_char=86082
15183	with	_	_	_	_	15182	_	_	start_char=86083|end_char=86087
15184	the	_	_	_	_	15183	_	_	start_char=86088|end_char=86091
15185	hue	_	_	_	_	15184	_	_	start_char=86092|end_char=86095
15186	of	_	_	_	_	15185	_	_	start_char=86096|end_char=86098
15187	death;	_	_	_	_	15186	_	_	start_char=86099|end_char=86105
15188	her	_	_	_	_	15187	_	_	start_char=86106|end_char=86109
15189	features	_	_	_	_	15188	_	_	start_char=86110|end_char=86118
15190	appeared	_	_	_	_	15189	_	_	start_char=86119|end_char=86127
15191	to	_	_	_	_	15190	_	_	start_char=86128|end_char=86130
15192	change,	_	_	_	_	15191	_	_	start_char=86131|end_char=86138
15193	and	_	_	_	_	15192	_	_	start_char=86139|end_char=86142
15194	I	_	_	_	_	15193	_	_	start_char=86143|end_char=86144
15195	thought	_	_	_	_	15194	_	_	start_char=86145|end_char=86152
15196	that	_	_	_	_	15195	_	_	start_char=86153|end_char=86157
15197	I	_	_	_	_	15196	_	_	start_char=86158|end_char=86159
15198	held	_	_	_	_	15197	_	_	start_char=86160|end_char=86164
15199	the	_	_	_	_	15198	_	_	start_char=86165|end_char=86168
15200	corpse	_	_	_	_	15199	_	_	start_char=86169|end_char=86175
15201	of	_	_	_	_	15200	_	_	start_char=86176|end_char=86178
15202	my	_	_	_	_	15201	_	_	start_char=86179|end_char=86181
15203	dead	_	_	_	_	15202	_	_	start_char=86182|end_char=86186
15204	mother	_	_	_	_	15203	_	_	start_char=86187|end_char=86193
15205	in	_	_	_	_	15204	_	_	start_char=86194|end_char=86196
15206	my	_	_	_	_	15205	_	_	start_char=86197|end_char=86199
15207	arms;	_	_	_	_	15206	_	_	start_char=86200|end_char=86205
15208	a	_	_	_	_	15207	_	_	start_char=86206|end_char=86207
15209	shroud	_	_	_	_	15208	_	_	start_char=86208|end_char=86214
15210	enveloped	_	_	_	_	15209	_	_	start_char=86215|end_char=86224
15211	her	_	_	_	_	15210	_	_	start_char=86225|end_char=86228
15212	form,	_	_	_	_	15211	_	_	start_char=86229|end_char=86234
15213	and	_	_	_	_	15212	_	_	start_char=86235|end_char=86238
15214	I	_	_	_	_	15213	_	_	start_char=86239|end_char=86240
15215	saw	_	_	_	_	15214	_	_	start_char=86241|end_char=86244
15216	the	_	_	_	_	15215	_	_	start_char=86245|end_char=86248
15217	grave-worms	_	_	_	_	15216	_	_	start_char=86249|end_char=86260
15218	crawling	_	_	_	_	15217	_	_	start_char=86261|end_char=86269
15219	in	_	_	_	_	15218	_	_	start_char=86270|end_char=86272
15220	the	_	_	_	_	15219	_	_	start_char=86273|end_char=86276
15221	folds	_	_	_	_	15220	_	_	start_char=86277|end_char=86282
15222	of	_	_	_	_	15221	_	_	start_char=86283|end_char=86285
15223	the	_	_	_	_	15222	_	_	start_char=86286|end_char=86289
15224	flannel.	_	_	_	_	15223	_	_	start_char=86290|end_char=86298
15225	I	_	_	_	_	15224	_	_	start_char=86299|end_char=86300
15226	started	_	_	_	_	15225	_	_	start_char=86301|end_char=86308
15227	from	_	_	_	_	15226	_	_	start_char=86309|end_char=86313
15228	my	_	_	_	_	15227	_	_	start_char=86314|end_char=86316
15229	sleep	_	_	_	_	15228	_	_	start_char=86317|end_char=86322
15230	with	_	_	_	_	15229	_	_	start_char=86323|end_char=86327
15231	horror;	_	_	_	_	15230	_	_	start_char=86328|end_char=86335
15232	a	_	_	_	_	15231	_	_	start_char=86336|end_char=86337
15233	cold	_	_	_	_	15232	_	_	start_char=86338|end_char=86342
15234	dew	_	_	_	_	15233	_	_	start_char=86343|end_char=86346
15235	covered	_	_	_	_	15234	_	_	start_char=86347|end_char=86354
15236	my	_	_	_	_	15235	_	_	start_char=86355|end_char=86357
15237	forehead,	_	_	_	_	15236	_	_	start_char=86358|end_char=86367
15238	my	_	_	_	_	15237	_	_	start_char=86368|end_char=86370
15239	teeth	_	_	_	_	15238	_	_	start_char=86371|end_char=86376
15240	chattered,	_	_	_	_	15239	_	_	start_char=86377|end_char=86387
15241	and	_	_	_	_	15240	_	_	start_char=86388|end_char=86391
15242	every	_	_	_	_	15241	_	_	start_char=86392|end_char=86397
15243	limb	_	_	_	_	15242	_	_	start_char=86398|end_char=86402
15244	became	_	_	_	_	15243	_	_	start_char=86403|end_char=86409
15245	convulsed;	_	_	_	_	15244	_	_	start_char=86410|end_char=86420
15246	when,	_	_	_	_	15245	_	_	start_char=86421|end_char=86426
15247	by	_	_	_	_	15246	_	_	start_char=86427|end_char=86429
15248	the	_	_	_	_	15247	_	_	start_char=86430|end_char=86433
15249	dim	_	_	_	_	15248	_	_	start_char=86434|end_char=86437
15250	and	_	_	_	_	15249	_	_	start_char=86438|end_char=86441
15251	yellow	_	_	_	_	15250	_	_	start_char=86442|end_char=86448
15252	light	_	_	_	_	15251	_	_	start_char=86449|end_char=86454
15253	of	_	_	_	_	15252	_	_	start_char=86455|end_char=86457
15254	the	_	_	_	_	15253	_	_	start_char=86458|end_char=86461
15255	moon,	_	_	_	_	15254	_	_	start_char=86462|end_char=86467
15256	as	_	_	_	_	15255	_	_	start_char=86468|end_char=86470
15257	it	_	_	_	_	15256	_	_	start_char=86471|end_char=86473
15258	forced	_	_	_	_	15257	_	_	start_char=86474|end_char=86480
15259	its	_	_	_	_	15258	_	_	start_char=86481|end_char=86484
15260	way	_	_	_	_	15259	_	_	start_char=86485|end_char=86488
15261	through	_	_	_	_	15260	_	_	start_char=86489|end_char=86496
15262	the	_	_	_	_	15261	_	_	start_char=86497|end_char=86500
15263	window	_	_	_	_	15262	_	_	start_char=86501|end_char=86507
15264	shutters,	_	_	_	_	15263	_	_	start_char=86508|end_char=86517
15265	I	_	_	_	_	15264	_	_	start_char=86518|end_char=86519
15266	beheld	_	_	_	_	15265	_	_	start_char=86520|end_char=86526
15267	the	_	_	_	_	15266	_	_	start_char=86527|end_char=86530
15268	wretch—the	_	_	_	_	15267	_	_	start_char=86531|end_char=86541
15269	miserable	_	_	_	_	15268	_	_	start_char=86542|end_char=86551
15270	monster	_	_	_	_	15269	_	_	start_char=86552|end_char=86559
15271	whom	_	_	_	_	15270	_	_	start_char=86560|end_char=86564
15272	I	_	_	_	_	15271	_	_	start_char=86565|end_char=86566
15273	had	_	_	_	_	15272	_	_	start_char=86567|end_char=86570
15274	created.	_	_	_	_	15273	_	_	start_char=86571|end_char=86579
15275	He	_	_	_	_	15274	_	_	start_char=86580|end_char=86582
15276	held	_	_	_	_	15275	_	_	start_char=86583|end_char=86587
15277	up	_	_	_	_	15276	_	_	start_char=86588|end_char=86590
15278	the	_	_	_	_	15277	_	_	start_char=86591|end_char=86594
15279	curtain	_	_	_	_	15278	_	_	start_char=86595|end_char=86602
15280	of	_	_	_	_	15279	_	_	start_char=86603|end_char=86605
15281	the	_	_	_	_	15280	_	_	start_char=86606|end_char=86609
15282	bed;	_	_	_	_	15281	_	_	start_char=86610|end_char=86614
15283	and	_	_	_	_	15282	_	_	start_char=86615|end_char=86618
15284	his	_	_	_	_	15283	_	_	start_char=86619|end_char=86622
15285	eyes,	_	_	_	_	15284	_	_	start_char=86623|end_char=86628
15286	if	_	_	_	_	15285	_	_	start_char=86629|end_char=86631
15287	eyes	_	_	_	_	15286	_	_	start_char=86632|end_char=86636
15288	they	_	_	_	_	15287	_	_	start_char=86637|end_char=86641
15289	may	_	_	_	_	15288	_	_	start_char=86642|end_char=86645
15290	be	_	_	_	_	15289	_	_	start_char=86646|end_char=86648
15291	called,	_	_	_	_	15290	_	_	start_char=86649|end_char=86656
15292	were	_	_	_	_	15291	_	_	start_char=86657|end_char=86661
15293	fixed	_	_	_	_	15292	_	_	start_char=86662|end_char=86667
15294	on	_	_	_	_	15293	_	_	start_char=86668|end_char=86670
15295	me.	_	_	_	_	15294	_	_	start_char=86671|end_char=86674
15296	His	_	_	_	_	15295	_	_	start_char=86675|end_char=86678
15297	jaws	_	_	_	_	15296	_	_	start_char=86679|end_char=86683
15298	opened,	_	_	_	_	15297	_	_	start_char=86684|end_char=86691
15299	and	_	_	_	_	15298	_	_	start_char=86692|end_char=86695
15300	he	_	_	_	_	15299	_	_	start_char=86696|end_char=86698
15301	muttered	_	_	_	_	15300	_	_	start_char=86699|end_char=86707
15302	some	_	_	_	_	15301	_	_	start_char=86708|end_char=86712
15303	inarticulate	_	_	_	_	15302	_	_	start_char=86713|end_char=86725
15304	sounds,	_	_	_	_	15303	_	_	start_char=86726|end_char=86733
15305	while	_	_	_	_	15304	_	_	start_char=86734|end_char=86739
15306	a	_	_	_	_	15305	_	_	start_char=86740|end_char=86741
15307	grin	_	_	_	_	15306	_	_	start_char=86742|end_char=86746
15308	wrinkled	_	_	_	_	15307	_	_	start_char=86747|end_char=86755
15309	his	_	_	_	_	15308	_	_	start_char=86756|end_char=86759
15310	cheeks.	_	_	_	_	15309	_	_	start_char=86760|end_char=86767
15311	He	_	_	_	_	15310	_	_	start_char=86768|end_char=86770
15312	might	_	_	_	_	15311	_	_	start_char=86771|end_char=86776
15313	have	_	_	_	_	15312	_	_	start_char=86777|end_char=86781
15314	spoken,	_	_	_	_	15313	_	_	start_char=86782|end_char=86789
15315	but	_	_	_	_	15314	_	_	start_char=86790|end_char=86793
15316	I	_	_	_	_	15315	_	_	start_char=86794|end_char=86795
15317	did	_	_	_	_	15316	_	_	start_char=86796|end_char=86799
15318	not	_	_	_	_	15317	_	_	start_char=86800|end_char=86803
15319	hear;	_	_	_	_	15318	_	_	start_char=86804|end_char=86809
15320	one	_	_	_	_	15319	_	_	start_char=86810|end_char=86813
15321	hand	_	_	_	_	15320	_	_	start_char=86814|end_char=86818
15322	was	_	_	_	_	15321	_	_	start_char=86819|end_char=86822
15323	stretched	_	_	_	_	15322	_	_	start_char=86823|end_char=86832
15324	out,	_	_	_	_	15323	_	_	start_char=86833|end_char=86837
15325	seemingly	_	_	_	_	15324	_	_	start_char=86838|end_char=86847
15326	to	_	_	_	_	15325	_	_	start_char=86848|end_char=86850
15327	detain	_	_	_	_	15326	_	_	start_char=86851|end_char=86857
15328	me,	_	_	_	_	15327	_	_	start_char=86858|end_char=86861
15329	but	_	_	_	_	15328	_	_	start_char=86862|end_char=86865
15330	I	_	_	_	_	15329	_	_	start_char=86866|end_char=86867
15331	escaped	_	_	_	_	15330	_	_	start_char=86868|end_char=86875
15332	and	_	_	_	_	15331	_	_	start_char=86876|end_char=86879
15333	rushed	_	_	_	_	15332	_	_	start_char=86880|end_char=86886
15334	downstairs.	_	_	_	_	15333	_	_	start_char=86887|end_char=86898
15335	I	_	_	_	_	15334	_	_	start_char=86899|end_char=86900
15336	took	_	_	_	_	15335	_	_	start_char=86901|end_char=86905
15337	refuge	_	_	_	_	15336	_	_	start_char=86906|end_char=86912
15338	in	_	_	_	_	15337	_	_	start_char=86913|end_char=86915
15339	the	_	_	_	_	15338	_	_	start_char=86916|end_char=86919
15340	courtyard	_	_	_	_	15339	_	_	start_char=86920|end_char=86929
15341	belonging	_	_	_	_	15340	_	_	start_char=86930|end_char=86939
15342	to	_	_	_	_	15341	_	_	start_char=86940|end_char=86942
15343	the	_	_	_	_	15342	_	_	start_char=86943|end_char=86946
15344	house	_	_	_	_	15343	_	_	start_char=86947|end_char=86952
15345	which	_	_	_	_	15344	_	_	start_char=86953|end_char=86958
15346	I	_	_	_	_	15345	_	_	start_char=86959|end_char=86960
15347	inhabited,	_	_	_	_	15346	_	_	start_char=86961|end_char=86971
15348	where	_	_	_	_	15347	_	_	start_char=86972|end_char=86977
15349	I	_	_	_	_	15348	_	_	start_char=86978|end_char=86979
15350	remained	_	_	_	_	15349	_	_	start_char=86980|end_char=86988
15351	during	_	_	_	_	15350	_	_	start_char=86989|end_char=86995
15352	the	_	_	_	_	15351	_	_	start_char=86996|end_char=86999
15353	rest	_	_	_	_	15352	_	_	start_char=87000|end_char=87004
15354	of	_	_	_	_	15353	_	_	start_char=87005|end_char=87007
15355	the	_	_	_	_	15354	_	_	start_char=87008|end_char=87011
15356	night,	_	_	_	_	15355	_	_	start_char=87012|end_char=87018
15357	walking	_	_	_	_	15356	_	_	start_char=87019|end_char=87026
15358	up	_	_	_	_	15357	_	_	start_char=87027|end_char=87029
15359	and	_	_	_	_	15358	_	_	start_char=87030|end_char=87033
15360	down	_	_	_	_	15359	_	_	start_char=87034|end_char=87038
15361	in	_	_	_	_	15360	_	_	start_char=87039|end_char=87041
15362	the	_	_	_	_	15361	_	_	start_char=87042|end_char=87045
15363	greatest	_	_	_	_	15362	_	_	start_char=87046|end_char=87054
15364	agitation,	_	_	_	_	15363	_	_	start_char=87055|end_char=87065
15365	listening	_	_	_	_	15364	_	_	start_char=87066|end_char=87075
15366	attentively,	_	_	_	_	15365	_	_	start_char=87076|end_char=87088
15367	catching	_	_	_	_	15366	_	_	start_char=87089|end_char=87097
15368	and	_	_	_	_	15367	_	_	start_char=87098|end_char=87101
15369	fearing	_	_	_	_	15368	_	_	start_char=87102|end_char=87109
15370	each	_	_	_	_	15369	_	_	start_char=87110|end_char=87114
15371	sound	_	_	_	_	15370	_	_	start_char=87115|end_char=87120
15372	as	_	_	_	_	15371	_	_	start_char=87121|end_char=87123
15373	if	_	_	_	_	15372	_	_	start_char=87124|end_char=87126
15374	it	_	_	_	_	15373	_	_	start_char=87127|end_char=87129
15375	were	_	_	_	_	15374	_	_	start_char=87130|end_char=87134
15376	to	_	_	_	_	15375	_	_	start_char=87135|end_char=87137
15377	announce	_	_	_	_	15376	_	_	start_char=87138|end_char=87146
15378	the	_	_	_	_	15377	_	_	start_char=87147|end_char=87150
15379	approach	_	_	_	_	15378	_	_	start_char=87151|end_char=87159
15380	of	_	_	_	_	15379	_	_	start_char=87160|end_char=87162
15381	the	_	_	_	_	15380	_	_	start_char=87163|end_char=87166
15382	demoniacal	_	_	_	_	15381	_	_	start_char=87167|end_char=87177
15383	corpse	_	_	_	_	15382	_	_	start_char=87178|end_char=87184
15384	to	_	_	_	_	15383	_	_	start_char=87185|end_char=87187
15385	which	_	_	_	_	15384	_	_	start_char=87188|end_char=87193
15386	I	_	_	_	_	15385	_	_	start_char=87194|end_char=87195
15387	had	_	_	_	_	15386	_	_	start_char=87196|end_char=87199
15388	so	_	_	_	_	15387	_	_	start_char=87200|end_char=87202
15389	miserably	_	_	_	_	15388	_	_	start_char=87203|end_char=87212
15390	given	_	_	_	_	15389	_	_	start_char=87213|end_char=87218
15391	life.	_	_	_	_	15390	_	_	start_char=87219|end_char=87224
15392	Oh!	_	_	_	_	15391	_	_	start_char=87225|end_char=87228
15393	No	_	_	_	_	15392	_	_	start_char=87229|end_char=87231
15394	mortal	_	_	_	_	15393	_	_	start_char=87232|end_char=87238
15395	could	_	_	_	_	15394	_	_	start_char=87239|end_char=87244
15396	support	_	_	_	_	15395	_	_	start_char=87245|end_char=87252
15397	the	_	_	_	_	15396	_	_	start_char=87253|end_char=87256
15398	horror	_	_	_	_	15397	_	_	start_char=87257|end_char=87263
15399	of	_	_	_	_	15398	_	_	start_char=87264|end_char=87266
15400	that	_	_	_	_	15399	_	_	start_char=87267|end_char=87271
15401	countenance.	_	_	_	_	15400	_	_	start_char=87272|end_char=87284
15402	A	_	_	_	_	15401	_	_	start_char=87285|end_char=87286
15403	mummy	_	_	_	_	15402	_	_	start_char=87287|end_char=87292
15404	again	_	_	_	_	15403	_	_	start_char=87293|end_char=87298
15405	endued	_	_	_	_	15404	_	_	start_char=87299|end_char=87305
15406	with	_	_	_	_	15405	_	_	start_char=87306|end_char=87310
15407	animation	_	_	_	_	15406	_	_	start_char=87311|end_char=87320
15408	could	_	_	_	_	15407	_	_	start_char=87321|end_char=87326
15409	not	_	_	_	_	15408	_	_	start_char=87327|end_char=87330
15410	be	_	_	_	_	15409	_	_	start_char=87331|end_char=87333
15411	so	_	_	_	_	15410	_	_	start_char=87334|end_char=87336
15412	hideous	_	_	_	_	15411	_	_	start_char=87337|end_char=87344
15413	as	_	_	_	_	15412	_	_	start_char=87345|end_char=87347
15414	that	_	_	_	_	15413	_	_	start_char=87348|end_char=87352
15415	wretch.	_	_	_	_	15414	_	_	start_char=87353|end_char=87360
15416	I	_	_	_	_	15415	_	_	start_char=87361|end_char=87362
15417	had	_	_	_	_	15416	_	_	start_char=87363|end_char=87366
15418	gazed	_	_	_	_	15417	_	_	start_char=87367|end_char=87372
15419	on	_	_	_	_	15418	_	_	start_char=87373|end_char=87375
15420	him	_	_	_	_	15419	_	_	start_char=87376|end_char=87379
15421	while	_	_	_	_	15420	_	_	start_char=87380|end_char=87385
15422	unfinished;	_	_	_	_	15421	_	_	start_char=87386|end_char=87397
15423	he	_	_	_	_	15422	_	_	start_char=87398|end_char=87400
15424	was	_	_	_	_	15423	_	_	start_char=87401|end_char=87404
15425	ugly	_	_	_	_	15424	_	_	start_char=87405|end_char=87409
15426	then,	_	_	_	_	15425	_	_	start_char=87410|end_char=87415
15427	but	_	_	_	_	15426	_	_	start_char=87416|end_char=87419
15428	when	_	_	_	_	15427	_	_	start_char=87420|end_char=87424
15429	those	_	_	_	_	15428	_	_	start_char=87425|end_char=87430
15430	muscles	_	_	_	_	15429	_	_	start_char=87431|end_char=87438
15431	and	_	_	_	_	15430	_	_	start_char=87439|end_char=87442
15432	joints	_	_	_	_	15431	_	_	start_char=87443|end_char=87449
15433	were	_	_	_	_	15432	_	_	start_char=87450|end_char=87454
15434	rendered	_	_	_	_	15433	_	_	start_char=87455|end_char=87463
15435	capable	_	_	_	_	15434	_	_	start_char=87464|end_char=87471
15436	of	_	_	_	_	15435	_	_	start_char=87472|end_char=87474
15437	motion,	_	_	_	_	15436	_	_	start_char=87475|end_char=87482
15438	it	_	_	_	_	15437	_	_	start_char=87483|end_char=87485
15439	became	_	_	_	_	15438	_	_	start_char=87486|end_char=87492
15440	a	_	_	_	_	15439	_	_	start_char=87493|end_char=87494
15441	thing	_	_	_	_	15440	_	_	start_char=87495|end_char=87500
15442	such	_	_	_	_	15441	_	_	start_char=87501|end_char=87505
15443	as	_	_	_	_	15442	_	_	start_char=87506|end_char=87508
15444	even	_	_	_	_	15443	_	_	start_char=87509|end_char=87513
15445	Dante	_	_	_	_	15444	_	_	start_char=87514|end_char=87519
15446	could	_	_	_	_	15445	_	_	start_char=87520|end_char=87525
15447	not	_	_	_	_	15446	_	_	start_char=87526|end_char=87529
15448	have	_	_	_	_	15447	_	_	start_char=87530|end_char=87534
15449	conceived.	_	_	_	_	15448	_	_	start_char=87535|end_char=87545
15450	I	_	_	_	_	15449	_	_	start_char=87546|end_char=87547
15451	passed	_	_	_	_	15450	_	_	start_char=87548|end_char=87554
15452	the	_	_	_	_	15451	_	_	start_char=87555|end_char=87558
15453	night	_	_	_	_	15452	_	_	start_char=87559|end_char=87564
15454	wretchedly.	_	_	_	_	15453	_	_	start_char=87565|end_char=87576
15455	Sometimes	_	_	_	_	15454	_	_	start_char=87577|end_char=87586
15456	my	_	_	_	_	15455	_	_	start_char=87587|end_char=87589
15457	pulse	_	_	_	_	15456	_	_	start_char=87590|end_char=87595
15458	beat	_	_	_	_	15457	_	_	start_char=87596|end_char=87600
15459	so	_	_	_	_	15458	_	_	start_char=87601|end_char=87603
15460	quickly	_	_	_	_	15459	_	_	start_char=87604|end_char=87611
15461	and	_	_	_	_	15460	_	_	start_char=87612|end_char=87615
15462	hardly	_	_	_	_	15461	_	_	start_char=87616|end_char=87622
15463	that	_	_	_	_	15462	_	_	start_char=87623|end_char=87627
15464	I	_	_	_	_	15463	_	_	start_char=87628|end_char=87629
15465	felt	_	_	_	_	15464	_	_	start_char=87630|end_char=87634
15466	the	_	_	_	_	15465	_	_	start_char=87635|end_char=87638
15467	palpitation	_	_	_	_	15466	_	_	start_char=87639|end_char=87650
15468	of	_	_	_	_	15467	_	_	start_char=87651|end_char=87653
15469	every	_	_	_	_	15468	_	_	start_char=87654|end_char=87659
15470	artery;	_	_	_	_	15469	_	_	start_char=87660|end_char=87667
15471	at	_	_	_	_	15470	_	_	start_char=87668|end_char=87670
15472	others,	_	_	_	_	15471	_	_	start_char=87671|end_char=87678
15473	I	_	_	_	_	15472	_	_	start_char=87679|end_char=87680
15474	nearly	_	_	_	_	15473	_	_	start_char=87681|end_char=87687
15475	sank	_	_	_	_	15474	_	_	start_char=87688|end_char=87692
15476	to	_	_	_	_	15475	_	_	start_char=87693|end_char=87695
15477	the	_	_	_	_	15476	_	_	start_char=87696|end_char=87699
15478	ground	_	_	_	_	15477	_	_	start_char=87700|end_char=87706
15479	through	_	_	_	_	15478	_	_	start_char=87707|end_char=87714
15480	languor	_	_	_	_	15479	_	_	start_char=87715|end_char=87722
15481	and	_	_	_	_	15480	_	_	start_char=87723|end_char=87726
15482	extreme	_	_	_	_	15481	_	_	start_char=87727|end_char=87734
15483	weakness.	_	_	_	_	15482	_	_	start_char=87735|end_char=87744
15484	Mingled	_	_	_	_	15483	_	_	start_char=87745|end_char=87752
15485	with	_	_	_	_	15484	_	_	start_char=87753|end_char=87757
15486	this	_	_	_	_	15485	_	_	start_char=87758|end_char=87762
15487	horror,	_	_	_	_	15486	_	_	start_char=87763|end_char=87770
15488	I	_	_	_	_	15487	_	_	start_char=87771|end_char=87772
15489	felt	_	_	_	_	15488	_	_	start_char=87773|end_char=87777
15490	the	_	_	_	_	15489	_	_	start_char=87778|end_char=87781
15491	bitterness	_	_	_	_	15490	_	_	start_char=87782|end_char=87792
15492	of	_	_	_	_	15491	_	_	start_char=87793|end_char=87795
15493	disappointment;	_	_	_	_	15492	_	_	start_char=87796|end_char=87811
15494	dreams	_	_	_	_	15493	_	_	start_char=87812|end_char=87818
15495	that	_	_	_	_	15494	_	_	start_char=87819|end_char=87823
15496	had	_	_	_	_	15495	_	_	start_char=87824|end_char=87827
15497	been	_	_	_	_	15496	_	_	start_char=87828|end_char=87832
15498	my	_	_	_	_	15497	_	_	start_char=87833|end_char=87835
15499	food	_	_	_	_	15498	_	_	start_char=87836|end_char=87840
15500	and	_	_	_	_	15499	_	_	start_char=87841|end_char=87844
15501	pleasant	_	_	_	_	15500	_	_	start_char=87845|end_char=87853
15502	rest	_	_	_	_	15501	_	_	start_char=87854|end_char=87858
15503	for	_	_	_	_	15502	_	_	start_char=87859|end_char=87862
15504	so	_	_	_	_	15503	_	_	start_char=87863|end_char=87865
15505	long	_	_	_	_	15504	_	_	start_char=87866|end_char=87870
15506	a	_	_	_	_	15505	_	_	start_char=87871|end_char=87872
15507	space	_	_	_	_	15506	_	_	start_char=87873|end_char=87878
15508	were	_	_	_	_	15507	_	_	start_char=87879|end_char=87883
15509	now	_	_	_	_	15508	_	_	start_char=87884|end_char=87887
15510	become	_	_	_	_	15509	_	_	start_char=87888|end_char=87894
15511	a	_	_	_	_	15510	_	_	start_char=87895|end_char=87896
15512	hell	_	_	_	_	15511	_	_	start_char=87897|end_char=87901
15513	to	_	_	_	_	15512	_	_	start_char=87902|end_char=87904
15514	me;	_	_	_	_	15513	_	_	start_char=87905|end_char=87908
15515	and	_	_	_	_	15514	_	_	start_char=87909|end_char=87912
15516	the	_	_	_	_	15515	_	_	start_char=87913|end_char=87916
15517	change	_	_	_	_	15516	_	_	start_char=87917|end_char=87923
15518	was	_	_	_	_	15517	_	_	start_char=87924|end_char=87927
15519	so	_	_	_	_	15518	_	_	start_char=87928|end_char=87930
15520	rapid,	_	_	_	_	15519	_	_	start_char=87931|end_char=87937
15521	the	_	_	_	_	15520	_	_	start_char=87938|end_char=87941
15522	overthrow	_	_	_	_	15521	_	_	start_char=87942|end_char=87951
15523	so	_	_	_	_	15522	_	_	start_char=87952|end_char=87954
15524	complete!	_	_	_	_	15523	_	_	start_char=87955|end_char=87964
15525	Morning,	_	_	_	_	15524	_	_	start_char=87965|end_char=87973
15526	dismal	_	_	_	_	15525	_	_	start_char=87974|end_char=87980
15527	and	_	_	_	_	15526	_	_	start_char=87981|end_char=87984
15528	wet,	_	_	_	_	15527	_	_	start_char=87985|end_char=87989
15529	at	_	_	_	_	15528	_	_	start_char=87990|end_char=87992
15530	length	_	_	_	_	15529	_	_	start_char=87993|end_char=87999
15531	dawned	_	_	_	_	15530	_	_	start_char=88000|end_char=88006
15532	and	_	_	_	_	15531	_	_	start_char=88007|end_char=88010
15533	discovered	_	_	_	_	15532	_	_	start_char=88011|end_char=88021
15534	to	_	_	_	_	15533	_	_	start_char=88022|end_char=88024
15535	my	_	_	_	_	15534	_	_	start_char=88025|end_char=88027
15536	sleepless	_	_	_	_	15535	_	_	start_char=88028|end_char=88037
15537	and	_	_	_	_	15536	_	_	start_char=88038|end_char=88041
15538	aching	_	_	_	_	15537	_	_	start_char=88042|end_char=88048
15539	eyes	_	_	_	_	15538	_	_	start_char=88049|end_char=88053
15540	the	_	_	_	_	15539	_	_	start_char=88054|end_char=88057
15541	church	_	_	_	_	15540	_	_	start_char=88058|end_char=88064
15542	of	_	_	_	_	15541	_	_	start_char=88065|end_char=88067
15543	Ingolstadt,	_	_	_	_	15542	_	_	start_char=88068|end_char=88079
15544	its	_	_	_	_	15543	_	_	start_char=88080|end_char=88083
15545	white	_	_	_	_	15544	_	_	start_char=88084|end_char=88089
15546	steeple	_	_	_	_	15545	_	_	start_char=88090|end_char=88097
15547	and	_	_	_	_	15546	_	_	start_char=88098|end_char=88101
15548	clock,	_	_	_	_	15547	_	_	start_char=88102|end_char=88108
15549	which	_	_	_	_	15548	_	_	start_char=88109|end_char=88114
15550	indicated	_	_	_	_	15549	_	_	start_char=88115|end_char=88124
15551	the	_	_	_	_	15550	_	_	start_char=88125|end_char=88128
15552	sixth	_	_	_	_	15551	_	_	start_char=88129|end_char=88134
15553	hour.	_	_	_	_	15552	_	_	start_char=88135|end_char=88140
15554	The	_	_	_	_	15553	_	_	start_char=88141|end_char=88144
15555	porter	_	_	_	_	15554	_	_	start_char=88145|end_char=88151
15556	opened	_	_	_	_	15555	_	_	start_char=88152|end_char=88158
15557	the	_	_	_	_	15556	_	_	start_char=88159|end_char=88162
15558	gates	_	_	_	_	15557	_	_	start_char=88163|end_char=88168
15559	of	_	_	_	_	15558	_	_	start_char=88169|end_char=88171
15560	the	_	_	_	_	15559	_	_	start_char=88172|end_char=88175
15561	court,	_	_	_	_	15560	_	_	start_char=88176|end_char=88182
15562	which	_	_	_	_	15561	_	_	start_char=88183|end_char=88188
15563	had	_	_	_	_	15562	_	_	start_char=88189|end_char=88192
15564	that	_	_	_	_	15563	_	_	start_char=88193|end_char=88197
15565	night	_	_	_	_	15564	_	_	start_char=88198|end_char=88203
15566	been	_	_	_	_	15565	_	_	start_char=88204|end_char=88208
15567	my	_	_	_	_	15566	_	_	start_char=88209|end_char=88211
15568	asylum,	_	_	_	_	15567	_	_	start_char=88212|end_char=88219
15569	and	_	_	_	_	15568	_	_	start_char=88220|end_char=88223
15570	I	_	_	_	_	15569	_	_	start_char=88224|end_char=88225
15571	issued	_	_	_	_	15570	_	_	start_char=88226|end_char=88232
15572	into	_	_	_	_	15571	_	_	start_char=88233|end_char=88237
15573	the	_	_	_	_	15572	_	_	start_char=88238|end_char=88241
15574	streets,	_	_	_	_	15573	_	_	start_char=88242|end_char=88250
15575	pacing	_	_	_	_	15574	_	_	start_char=88251|end_char=88257
15576	them	_	_	_	_	15575	_	_	start_char=88258|end_char=88262
15577	with	_	_	_	_	15576	_	_	start_char=88263|end_char=88267
15578	quick	_	_	_	_	15577	_	_	start_char=88268|end_char=88273
15579	steps,	_	_	_	_	15578	_	_	start_char=88274|end_char=88280
15580	as	_	_	_	_	15579	_	_	start_char=88281|end_char=88283
15581	if	_	_	_	_	15580	_	_	start_char=88284|end_char=88286
15582	I	_	_	_	_	15581	_	_	start_char=88287|end_char=88288
15583	sought	_	_	_	_	15582	_	_	start_char=88289|end_char=88295
15584	to	_	_	_	_	15583	_	_	start_char=88296|end_char=88298
15585	avoid	_	_	_	_	15584	_	_	start_char=88299|end_char=88304
15586	the	_	_	_	_	15585	_	_	start_char=88305|end_char=88308
15587	wretch	_	_	_	_	15586	_	_	start_char=88309|end_char=88315
15588	whom	_	_	_	_	15587	_	_	start_char=88316|end_char=88320
15589	I	_	_	_	_	15588	_	_	start_char=88321|end_char=88322
15590	feared	_	_	_	_	15589	_	_	start_char=88323|end_char=88329
15591	every	_	_	_	_	15590	_	_	start_char=88330|end_char=88335
15592	turning	_	_	_	_	15591	_	_	start_char=88336|end_char=88343
15593	of	_	_	_	_	15592	_	_	start_char=88344|end_char=88346
15594	the	_	_	_	_	15593	_	_	start_char=88347|end_char=88350
15595	street	_	_	_	_	15594	_	_	start_char=88351|end_char=88357
15596	would	_	_	_	_	15595	_	_	start_char=88358|end_char=88363
15597	present	_	_	_	_	15596	_	_	start_char=88364|end_char=88371
15598	to	_	_	_	_	15597	_	_	start_char=88372|end_char=88374
15599	my	_	_	_	_	15598	_	_	start_char=88375|end_char=88377
15600	view.	_	_	_	_	15599	_	_	start_char=88378|end_char=88383
15601	I	_	_	_	_	15600	_	_	start_char=88384|end_char=88385
15602	did	_	_	_	_	15601	_	_	start_char=88386|end_char=88389
15603	not	_	_	_	_	15602	_	_	start_char=88390|end_char=88393
15604	dare	_	_	_	_	15603	_	_	start_char=88394|end_char=88398
15605	return	_	_	_	_	15604	_	_	start_char=88399|end_char=88405
15606	to	_	_	_	_	15605	_	_	start_char=88406|end_char=88408
15607	the	_	_	_	_	15606	_	_	start_char=88409|end_char=88412
15608	apartment	_	_	_	_	15607	_	_	start_char=88413|end_char=88422
15609	which	_	_	_	_	15608	_	_	start_char=88423|end_char=88428
15610	I	_	_	_	_	15609	_	_	start_char=88429|end_char=88430
15611	inhabited,	_	_	_	_	15610	_	_	start_char=88431|end_char=88441
15612	but	_	_	_	_	15611	_	_	start_char=88442|end_char=88445
15613	felt	_	_	_	_	15612	_	_	start_char=88446|end_char=88450
15614	impelled	_	_	_	_	15613	_	_	start_char=88451|end_char=88459
15615	to	_	_	_	_	15614	_	_	start_char=88460|end_char=88462
15616	hurry	_	_	_	_	15615	_	_	start_char=88463|end_char=88468
15617	on,	_	_	_	_	15616	_	_	start_char=88469|end_char=88472
15618	although	_	_	_	_	15617	_	_	start_char=88473|end_char=88481
15619	drenched	_	_	_	_	15618	_	_	start_char=88482|end_char=88490
15620	by	_	_	_	_	15619	_	_	start_char=88491|end_char=88493
15621	the	_	_	_	_	15620	_	_	start_char=88494|end_char=88497
15622	rain	_	_	_	_	15621	_	_	start_char=88498|end_char=88502
15623	which	_	_	_	_	15622	_	_	start_char=88503|end_char=88508
15624	poured	_	_	_	_	15623	_	_	start_char=88509|end_char=88515
15625	from	_	_	_	_	15624	_	_	start_char=88516|end_char=88520
15626	a	_	_	_	_	15625	_	_	start_char=88521|end_char=88522
15627	black	_	_	_	_	15626	_	_	start_char=88523|end_char=88528
15628	and	_	_	_	_	15627	_	_	start_char=88529|end_char=88532
15629	comfortless	_	_	_	_	15628	_	_	start_char=88533|end_char=88544
15630	sky.	_	_	_	_	15629	_	_	start_char=88545|end_char=88549
15631	I	_	_	_	_	15630	_	_	start_char=88550|end_char=88551
15632	continued	_	_	_	_	15631	_	_	start_char=88552|end_char=88561
15633	walking	_	_	_	_	15632	_	_	start_char=88562|end_char=88569
15634	in	_	_	_	_	15633	_	_	start_char=88570|end_char=88572
15635	this	_	_	_	_	15634	_	_	start_char=88573|end_char=88577
15636	manner	_	_	_	_	15635	_	_	start_char=88578|end_char=88584
15637	for	_	_	_	_	15636	_	_	start_char=88585|end_char=88588
15638	some	_	_	_	_	15637	_	_	start_char=88589|end_char=88593
15639	time,	_	_	_	_	15638	_	_	start_char=88594|end_char=88599
15640	endeavouring	_	_	_	_	15639	_	_	start_char=88600|end_char=88612
15641	by	_	_	_	_	15640	_	_	start_char=88613|end_char=88615
15642	bodily	_	_	_	_	15641	_	_	start_char=88616|end_char=88622
15643	exercise	_	_	_	_	15642	_	_	start_char=88623|end_char=88631
15644	to	_	_	_	_	15643	_	_	start_char=88632|end_char=88634
15645	ease	_	_	_	_	15644	_	_	start_char=88635|end_char=88639
15646	the	_	_	_	_	15645	_	_	start_char=88640|end_char=88643
15647	load	_	_	_	_	15646	_	_	start_char=88644|end_char=88648
15648	that	_	_	_	_	15647	_	_	start_char=88649|end_char=88653
15649	weighed	_	_	_	_	15648	_	_	start_char=88654|end_char=88661
15650	upon	_	_	_	_	15649	_	_	start_char=88662|end_char=88666
15651	my	_	_	_	_	15650	_	_	start_char=88667|end_char=88669
15652	mind.	_	_	_	_	15651	_	_	start_char=88670|end_char=88675
15653	I	_	_	_	_	15652	_	_	start_char=88676|end_char=88677
15654	traversed	_	_	_	_	15653	_	_	start_char=88678|end_char=88687
15655	the	_	_	_	_	15654	_	_	start_char=88688|end_char=88691
15656	streets	_	_	_	_	15655	_	_	start_char=88692|end_char=88699
15657	without	_	_	_	_	15656	_	_	start_char=88700|end_char=88707
15658	any	_	_	_	_	15657	_	_	start_char=88708|end_char=88711
15659	clear	_	_	_	_	15658	_	_	start_char=88712|end_char=88717
15660	conception	_	_	_	_	15659	_	_	start_char=88718|end_char=88728
15661	of	_	_	_	_	15660	_	_	start_char=88729|end_char=88731
15662	where	_	_	_	_	15661	_	_	start_char=88732|end_char=88737
15663	I	_	_	_	_	15662	_	_	start_char=88738|end_char=88739
15664	was	_	_	_	_	15663	_	_	start_char=88740|end_char=88743
15665	or	_	_	_	_	15664	_	_	start_char=88744|end_char=88746
15666	what	_	_	_	_	15665	_	_	start_char=88747|end_char=88751
15667	I	_	_	_	_	15666	_	_	start_char=88752|end_char=88753
15668	was	_	_	_	_	15667	_	_	start_char=88754|end_char=88757
15669	doing.	_	_	_	_	15668	_	_	start_char=88758|end_char=88764
15670	My	_	_	_	_	15669	_	_	start_char=88765|end_char=88767
15671	heart	_	_	_	_	15670	_	_	start_char=88768|end_char=88773
15672	palpitated	_	_	_	_	15671	_	_	start_char=88774|end_char=88784
15673	in	_	_	_	_	15672	_	_	start_char=88785|end_char=88787
15674	the	_	_	_	_	15673	_	_	start_char=88788|end_char=88791
15675	sickness	_	_	_	_	15674	_	_	start_char=88792|end_char=88800
15676	of	_	_	_	_	15675	_	_	start_char=88801|end_char=88803
15677	fear,	_	_	_	_	15676	_	_	start_char=88804|end_char=88809
15678	and	_	_	_	_	15677	_	_	start_char=88810|end_char=88813
15679	I	_	_	_	_	15678	_	_	start_char=88814|end_char=88815
15680	hurried	_	_	_	_	15679	_	_	start_char=88816|end_char=88823
15681	on	_	_	_	_	15680	_	_	start_char=88824|end_char=88826
15682	with	_	_	_	_	15681	_	_	start_char=88827|end_char=88831
15683	irregular	_	_	_	_	15682	_	_	start_char=88832|end_char=88841
15684	steps,	_	_	_	_	15683	_	_	start_char=88842|end_char=88848
15685	not	_	_	_	_	15684	_	_	start_char=88849|end_char=88852
15686	daring	_	_	_	_	15685	_	_	start_char=88853|end_char=88859
15687	to	_	_	_	_	15686	_	_	start_char=88860|end_char=88862
15688	look	_	_	_	_	15687	_	_	start_char=88863|end_char=88867
15689	about	_	_	_	_	15688	_	_	start_char=88868|end_char=88873
15690	me:	_	_	_	_	15689	_	_	start_char=88874|end_char=88877
15691	Like	_	_	_	_	15690	_	_	start_char=88878|end_char=88882
15692	one	_	_	_	_	15691	_	_	start_char=88883|end_char=88886
15693	who,	_	_	_	_	15692	_	_	start_char=88887|end_char=88891
15694	on	_	_	_	_	15693	_	_	start_char=88892|end_char=88894
15695	a	_	_	_	_	15694	_	_	start_char=88895|end_char=88896
15696	lonely	_	_	_	_	15695	_	_	start_char=88897|end_char=88903
15697	road,	_	_	_	_	15696	_	_	start_char=88904|end_char=88909
15698	Doth	_	_	_	_	15697	_	_	start_char=88910|end_char=88914
15699	walk	_	_	_	_	15698	_	_	start_char=88915|end_char=88919
15700	in	_	_	_	_	15699	_	_	start_char=88920|end_char=88922
15701	fear	_	_	_	_	15700	_	_	start_char=88923|end_char=88927
15702	and	_	_	_	_	15701	_	_	start_char=88928|end_char=88931
15703	dread,	_	_	_	_	15702	_	_	start_char=88932|end_char=88938
15704	And,	_	_	_	_	15703	_	_	start_char=88939|end_char=88943
15705	having	_	_	_	_	15704	_	_	start_char=88944|end_char=88950
15706	once	_	_	_	_	15705	_	_	start_char=88951|end_char=88955
15707	turned	_	_	_	_	15706	_	_	start_char=88956|end_char=88962
15708	round,	_	_	_	_	15707	_	_	start_char=88963|end_char=88969
15709	walks	_	_	_	_	15708	_	_	start_char=88970|end_char=88975
15710	on,	_	_	_	_	15709	_	_	start_char=88976|end_char=88979
15711	And	_	_	_	_	15710	_	_	start_char=88980|end_char=88983
15712	turns	_	_	_	_	15711	_	_	start_char=88984|end_char=88989
15713	no	_	_	_	_	15712	_	_	start_char=88990|end_char=88992
15714	more	_	_	_	_	15713	_	_	start_char=88993|end_char=88997
15715	his	_	_	_	_	15714	_	_	start_char=88998|end_char=89001
15716	head;	_	_	_	_	15715	_	_	start_char=89002|end_char=89007
15717	Because	_	_	_	_	15716	_	_	start_char=89008|end_char=89015
15718	he	_	_	_	_	15717	_	_	start_char=89016|end_char=89018
15719	knows	_	_	_	_	15718	_	_	start_char=89019|end_char=89024
15720	a	_	_	_	_	15719	_	_	start_char=89025|end_char=89026
15721	frightful	_	_	_	_	15720	_	_	start_char=89027|end_char=89036
15722	fiend	_	_	_	_	15721	_	_	start_char=89037|end_char=89042
15723	Doth	_	_	_	_	15722	_	_	start_char=89043|end_char=89047
15724	close	_	_	_	_	15723	_	_	start_char=89048|end_char=89053
15725	behind	_	_	_	_	15724	_	_	start_char=89054|end_char=89060
15726	him	_	_	_	_	15725	_	_	start_char=89061|end_char=89064
15727	tread.	_	_	_	_	15726	_	_	start_char=89065|end_char=89071
15728	[Coleridge’s	_	_	_	_	15727	_	_	start_char=89072|end_char=89084
15729	“Ancient	_	_	_	_	15728	_	_	start_char=89085|end_char=89093
15730	Mariner.”]	_	_	_	_	15729	_	_	start_char=89094|end_char=89104
15731	Continuing	_	_	_	_	15730	_	_	start_char=89105|end_char=89115
15732	thus,	_	_	_	_	15731	_	_	start_char=89116|end_char=89121
15733	I	_	_	_	_	15732	_	_	start_char=89122|end_char=89123
15734	came	_	_	_	_	15733	_	_	start_char=89124|end_char=89128
15735	at	_	_	_	_	15734	_	_	start_char=89129|end_char=89131
15736	length	_	_	_	_	15735	_	_	start_char=89132|end_char=89138
15737	opposite	_	_	_	_	15736	_	_	start_char=89139|end_char=89147
15738	to	_	_	_	_	15737	_	_	start_char=89148|end_char=89150
15739	the	_	_	_	_	15738	_	_	start_char=89151|end_char=89154
15740	inn	_	_	_	_	15739	_	_	start_char=89155|end_char=89158
15741	at	_	_	_	_	15740	_	_	start_char=89159|end_char=89161
15742	which	_	_	_	_	15741	_	_	start_char=89162|end_char=89167
15743	the	_	_	_	_	15742	_	_	start_char=89168|end_char=89171
15744	various	_	_	_	_	15743	_	_	start_char=89172|end_char=89179
15745	diligences	_	_	_	_	15744	_	_	start_char=89180|end_char=89190
15746	and	_	_	_	_	15745	_	_	start_char=89191|end_char=89194
15747	carriages	_	_	_	_	15746	_	_	start_char=89195|end_char=89204
15748	usually	_	_	_	_	15747	_	_	start_char=89205|end_char=89212
15749	stopped.	_	_	_	_	15748	_	_	start_char=89213|end_char=89221
15750	Here	_	_	_	_	15749	_	_	start_char=89222|end_char=89226
15751	I	_	_	_	_	15750	_	_	start_char=89227|end_char=89228
15752	paused,	_	_	_	_	15751	_	_	start_char=89229|end_char=89236
15753	I	_	_	_	_	15752	_	_	start_char=89237|end_char=89238
15754	knew	_	_	_	_	15753	_	_	start_char=89239|end_char=89243
15755	not	_	_	_	_	15754	_	_	start_char=89244|end_char=89247
15756	why;	_	_	_	_	15755	_	_	start_char=89248|end_char=89252
15757	but	_	_	_	_	15756	_	_	start_char=89253|end_char=89256
15758	I	_	_	_	_	15757	_	_	start_char=89257|end_char=89258
15759	remained	_	_	_	_	15758	_	_	start_char=89259|end_char=89267
15760	some	_	_	_	_	15759	_	_	start_char=89268|end_char=89272
15761	minutes	_	_	_	_	15760	_	_	start_char=89273|end_char=89280
15762	with	_	_	_	_	15761	_	_	start_char=89281|end_char=89285
15763	my	_	_	_	_	15762	_	_	start_char=89286|end_char=89288
15764	eyes	_	_	_	_	15763	_	_	start_char=89289|end_char=89293
15765	fixed	_	_	_	_	15764	_	_	start_char=89294|end_char=89299
15766	on	_	_	_	_	15765	_	_	start_char=89300|end_char=89302
15767	a	_	_	_	_	15766	_	_	start_char=89303|end_char=89304
15768	coach	_	_	_	_	15767	_	_	start_char=89305|end_char=89310
15769	that	_	_	_	_	15768	_	_	start_char=89311|end_char=89315
15770	was	_	_	_	_	15769	_	_	start_char=89316|end_char=89319
15771	coming	_	_	_	_	15770	_	_	start_char=89320|end_char=89326
15772	towards	_	_	_	_	15771	_	_	start_char=89327|end_char=89334
15773	me	_	_	_	_	15772	_	_	start_char=89335|end_char=89337
15774	from	_	_	_	_	15773	_	_	start_char=89338|end_char=89342
15775	the	_	_	_	_	15774	_	_	start_char=89343|end_char=89346
15776	other	_	_	_	_	15775	_	_	start_char=89347|end_char=89352
15777	end	_	_	_	_	15776	_	_	start_char=89353|end_char=89356
15778	of	_	_	_	_	15777	_	_	start_char=89357|end_char=89359
15779	the	_	_	_	_	15778	_	_	start_char=89360|end_char=89363
15780	street.	_	_	_	_	15779	_	_	start_char=89364|end_char=89371
15781	As	_	_	_	_	15780	_	_	start_char=89372|end_char=89374
15782	it	_	_	_	_	15781	_	_	start_char=89375|end_char=89377
15783	drew	_	_	_	_	15782	_	_	start_char=89378|end_char=89382
15784	nearer	_	_	_	_	15783	_	_	start_char=89383|end_char=89389
15785	I	_	_	_	_	15784	_	_	start_char=89390|end_char=89391
15786	observed	_	_	_	_	15785	_	_	start_char=89392|end_char=89400
15787	that	_	_	_	_	15786	_	_	start_char=89401|end_char=89405
15788	it	_	_	_	_	15787	_	_	start_char=89406|end_char=89408
15789	was	_	_	_	_	15788	_	_	start_char=89409|end_char=89412
15790	the	_	_	_	_	15789	_	_	start_char=89413|end_char=89416
15791	Swiss	_	_	_	_	15790	_	_	start_char=89417|end_char=89422
15792	diligence;	_	_	_	_	15791	_	_	start_char=89423|end_char=89433
15793	it	_	_	_	_	15792	_	_	start_char=89434|end_char=89436
15794	stopped	_	_	_	_	15793	_	_	start_char=89437|end_char=89444
15795	just	_	_	_	_	15794	_	_	start_char=89445|end_char=89449
15796	where	_	_	_	_	15795	_	_	start_char=89450|end_char=89455
15797	I	_	_	_	_	15796	_	_	start_char=89456|end_char=89457
15798	was	_	_	_	_	15797	_	_	start_char=89458|end_char=89461
15799	standing,	_	_	_	_	15798	_	_	start_char=89462|end_char=89471
15800	and	_	_	_	_	15799	_	_	start_char=89472|end_char=89475
15801	on	_	_	_	_	15800	_	_	start_char=89476|end_char=89478
15802	the	_	_	_	_	15801	_	_	start_char=89479|end_char=89482
15803	door	_	_	_	_	15802	_	_	start_char=89483|end_char=89487
15804	being	_	_	_	_	15803	_	_	start_char=89488|end_char=89493
15805	opened,	_	_	_	_	15804	_	_	start_char=89494|end_char=89501
15806	I	_	_	_	_	15805	_	_	start_char=89502|end_char=89503
15807	perceived	_	_	_	_	15806	_	_	start_char=89504|end_char=89513
15808	Henry	_	_	_	_	15807	_	_	start_char=89514|end_char=89519
15809	Clerval,	_	_	_	_	15808	_	_	start_char=89520|end_char=89528
15810	who,	_	_	_	_	15809	_	_	start_char=89529|end_char=89533
15811	on	_	_	_	_	15810	_	_	start_char=89534|end_char=89536
15812	seeing	_	_	_	_	15811	_	_	start_char=89537|end_char=89543
15813	me,	_	_	_	_	15812	_	_	start_char=89544|end_char=89547
15814	instantly	_	_	_	_	15813	_	_	start_char=89548|end_char=89557
15815	sprung	_	_	_	_	15814	_	_	start_char=89558|end_char=89564
15816	out.	_	_	_	_	15815	_	_	start_char=89565|end_char=89569
15817	“My	_	_	_	_	15816	_	_	start_char=89570|end_char=89573
15818	dear	_	_	_	_	15817	_	_	start_char=89574|end_char=89578
15819	Frankenstein,”	_	_	_	_	15818	_	_	start_char=89579|end_char=89593
15820	exclaimed	_	_	_	_	15819	_	_	start_char=89594|end_char=89603
15821	he,	_	_	_	_	15820	_	_	start_char=89604|end_char=89607
15822	“how	_	_	_	_	15821	_	_	start_char=89608|end_char=89612
15823	glad	_	_	_	_	15822	_	_	start_char=89613|end_char=89617
15824	I	_	_	_	_	15823	_	_	start_char=89618|end_char=89619
15825	am	_	_	_	_	15824	_	_	start_char=89620|end_char=89622
15826	to	_	_	_	_	15825	_	_	start_char=89623|end_char=89625
15827	see	_	_	_	_	15826	_	_	start_char=89626|end_char=89629
15828	you!	_	_	_	_	15827	_	_	start_char=89630|end_char=89634
15829	How	_	_	_	_	15828	_	_	start_char=89635|end_char=89638
15830	fortunate	_	_	_	_	15829	_	_	start_char=89639|end_char=89648
15831	that	_	_	_	_	15830	_	_	start_char=89649|end_char=89653
15832	you	_	_	_	_	15831	_	_	start_char=89654|end_char=89657
15833	should	_	_	_	_	15832	_	_	start_char=89658|end_char=89664
15834	be	_	_	_	_	15833	_	_	start_char=89665|end_char=89667
15835	here	_	_	_	_	15834	_	_	start_char=89668|end_char=89672
15836	at	_	_	_	_	15835	_	_	start_char=89673|end_char=89675
15837	the	_	_	_	_	15836	_	_	start_char=89676|end_char=89679
15838	very	_	_	_	_	15837	_	_	start_char=89680|end_char=89684
15839	moment	_	_	_	_	15838	_	_	start_char=89685|end_char=89691
15840	of	_	_	_	_	15839	_	_	start_char=89692|end_char=89694
15841	my	_	_	_	_	15840	_	_	start_char=89695|end_char=89697
15842	alighting!”	_	_	_	_	15841	_	_	start_char=89698|end_char=89709
15843	Nothing	_	_	_	_	15842	_	_	start_char=89710|end_char=89717
15844	could	_	_	_	_	15843	_	_	start_char=89718|end_char=89723
15845	equal	_	_	_	_	15844	_	_	start_char=89724|end_char=89729
15846	my	_	_	_	_	15845	_	_	start_char=89730|end_char=89732
15847	delight	_	_	_	_	15846	_	_	start_char=89733|end_char=89740
15848	on	_	_	_	_	15847	_	_	start_char=89741|end_char=89743
15849	seeing	_	_	_	_	15848	_	_	start_char=89744|end_char=89750
15850	Clerval;	_	_	_	_	15849	_	_	start_char=89751|end_char=89759
15851	his	_	_	_	_	15850	_	_	start_char=89760|end_char=89763
15852	presence	_	_	_	_	15851	_	_	start_char=89764|end_char=89772
15853	brought	_	_	_	_	15852	_	_	start_char=89773|end_char=89780
15854	back	_	_	_	_	15853	_	_	start_char=89781|end_char=89785
15855	to	_	_	_	_	15854	_	_	start_char=89786|end_char=89788
15856	my	_	_	_	_	15855	_	_	start_char=89789|end_char=89791
15857	thoughts	_	_	_	_	15856	_	_	start_char=89792|end_char=89800
15858	my	_	_	_	_	15857	_	_	start_char=89801|end_char=89803
15859	father,	_	_	_	_	15858	_	_	start_char=89804|end_char=89811
15860	Elizabeth,	_	_	_	_	15859	_	_	start_char=89812|end_char=89822
15861	and	_	_	_	_	15860	_	_	start_char=89823|end_char=89826
15862	all	_	_	_	_	15861	_	_	start_char=89827|end_char=89830
15863	those	_	_	_	_	15862	_	_	start_char=89831|end_char=89836
15864	scenes	_	_	_	_	15863	_	_	start_char=89837|end_char=89843
15865	of	_	_	_	_	15864	_	_	start_char=89844|end_char=89846
15866	home	_	_	_	_	15865	_	_	start_char=89847|end_char=89851
15867	so	_	_	_	_	15866	_	_	start_char=89852|end_char=89854
15868	dear	_	_	_	_	15867	_	_	start_char=89855|end_char=89859
15869	to	_	_	_	_	15868	_	_	start_char=89860|end_char=89862
15870	my	_	_	_	_	15869	_	_	start_char=89863|end_char=89865
15871	recollection.	_	_	_	_	15870	_	_	start_char=89866|end_char=89879
15872	I	_	_	_	_	15871	_	_	start_char=89880|end_char=89881
15873	grasped	_	_	_	_	15872	_	_	start_char=89882|end_char=89889
15874	his	_	_	_	_	15873	_	_	start_char=89890|end_char=89893
15875	hand,	_	_	_	_	15874	_	_	start_char=89894|end_char=89899
15876	and	_	_	_	_	15875	_	_	start_char=89900|end_char=89903
15877	in	_	_	_	_	15876	_	_	start_char=89904|end_char=89906
15878	a	_	_	_	_	15877	_	_	start_char=89907|end_char=89908
15879	moment	_	_	_	_	15878	_	_	start_char=89909|end_char=89915
15880	forgot	_	_	_	_	15879	_	_	start_char=89916|end_char=89922
15881	my	_	_	_	_	15880	_	_	start_char=89923|end_char=89925
15882	horror	_	_	_	_	15881	_	_	start_char=89926|end_char=89932
15883	and	_	_	_	_	15882	_	_	start_char=89933|end_char=89936
15884	misfortune;	_	_	_	_	15883	_	_	start_char=89937|end_char=89948
15885	I	_	_	_	_	15884	_	_	start_char=89949|end_char=89950
15886	felt	_	_	_	_	15885	_	_	start_char=89951|end_char=89955
15887	suddenly,	_	_	_	_	15886	_	_	start_char=89956|end_char=89965
15888	and	_	_	_	_	15887	_	_	start_char=89966|end_char=89969
15889	for	_	_	_	_	15888	_	_	start_char=89970|end_char=89973
15890	the	_	_	_	_	15889	_	_	start_char=89974|end_char=89977
15891	first	_	_	_	_	15890	_	_	start_char=89978|end_char=89983
15892	time	_	_	_	_	15891	_	_	start_char=89984|end_char=89988
15893	during	_	_	_	_	15892	_	_	start_char=89989|end_char=89995
15894	many	_	_	_	_	15893	_	_	start_char=89996|end_char=90000
15895	months,	_	_	_	_	15894	_	_	start_char=90001|end_char=90008
15896	calm	_	_	_	_	15895	_	_	start_char=90009|end_char=90013
15897	and	_	_	_	_	15896	_	_	start_char=90014|end_char=90017
15898	serene	_	_	_	_	15897	_	_	start_char=90018|end_char=90024
15899	joy.	_	_	_	_	15898	_	_	start_char=90025|end_char=90029
15900	I	_	_	_	_	15899	_	_	start_char=90030|end_char=90031
15901	welcomed	_	_	_	_	15900	_	_	start_char=90032|end_char=90040
15902	my	_	_	_	_	15901	_	_	start_char=90041|end_char=90043
15903	friend,	_	_	_	_	15902	_	_	start_char=90044|end_char=90051
15904	therefore,	_	_	_	_	15903	_	_	start_char=90052|end_char=90062
15905	in	_	_	_	_	15904	_	_	start_char=90063|end_char=90065
15906	the	_	_	_	_	15905	_	_	start_char=90066|end_char=90069
15907	most	_	_	_	_	15906	_	_	start_char=90070|end_char=90074
15908	cordial	_	_	_	_	15907	_	_	start_char=90075|end_char=90082
15909	manner,	_	_	_	_	15908	_	_	start_char=90083|end_char=90090
15910	and	_	_	_	_	15909	_	_	start_char=90091|end_char=90094
15911	we	_	_	_	_	15910	_	_	start_char=90095|end_char=90097
15912	walked	_	_	_	_	15911	_	_	start_char=90098|end_char=90104
15913	towards	_	_	_	_	15912	_	_	start_char=90105|end_char=90112
15914	my	_	_	_	_	15913	_	_	start_char=90113|end_char=90115
15915	college.	_	_	_	_	15914	_	_	start_char=90116|end_char=90124
15916	Clerval	_	_	_	_	15915	_	_	start_char=90125|end_char=90132
15917	continued	_	_	_	_	15916	_	_	start_char=90133|end_char=90142
15918	talking	_	_	_	_	15917	_	_	start_char=90143|end_char=90150
15919	for	_	_	_	_	15918	_	_	start_char=90151|end_char=90154
15920	some	_	_	_	_	15919	_	_	start_char=90155|end_char=90159
15921	time	_	_	_	_	15920	_	_	start_char=90160|end_char=90164
15922	about	_	_	_	_	15921	_	_	start_char=90165|end_char=90170
15923	our	_	_	_	_	15922	_	_	start_char=90171|end_char=90174
15924	mutual	_	_	_	_	15923	_	_	start_char=90175|end_char=90181
15925	friends	_	_	_	_	15924	_	_	start_char=90182|end_char=90189
15926	and	_	_	_	_	15925	_	_	start_char=90190|end_char=90193
15927	his	_	_	_	_	15926	_	_	start_char=90194|end_char=90197
15928	own	_	_	_	_	15927	_	_	start_char=90198|end_char=90201
15929	good	_	_	_	_	15928	_	_	start_char=90202|end_char=90206
15930	fortune	_	_	_	_	15929	_	_	start_char=90207|end_char=90214
15931	in	_	_	_	_	15930	_	_	start_char=90215|end_char=90217
15932	being	_	_	_	_	15931	_	_	start_char=90218|end_char=90223
15933	permitted	_	_	_	_	15932	_	_	start_char=90224|end_char=90233
15934	to	_	_	_	_	15933	_	_	start_char=90234|end_char=90236
15935	come	_	_	_	_	15934	_	_	start_char=90237|end_char=90241
15936	to	_	_	_	_	15935	_	_	start_char=90242|end_char=90244
15937	Ingolstadt.	_	_	_	_	15936	_	_	start_char=90245|end_char=90256
15938	“You	_	_	_	_	15937	_	_	start_char=90257|end_char=90261
15939	may	_	_	_	_	15938	_	_	start_char=90262|end_char=90265
15940	easily	_	_	_	_	15939	_	_	start_char=90266|end_char=90272
15941	believe,”	_	_	_	_	15940	_	_	start_char=90273|end_char=90282
15942	said	_	_	_	_	15941	_	_	start_char=90283|end_char=90287
15943	he,	_	_	_	_	15942	_	_	start_char=90288|end_char=90291
15944	“how	_	_	_	_	15943	_	_	start_char=90292|end_char=90296
15945	great	_	_	_	_	15944	_	_	start_char=90297|end_char=90302
15946	was	_	_	_	_	15945	_	_	start_char=90303|end_char=90306
15947	the	_	_	_	_	15946	_	_	start_char=90307|end_char=90310
15948	difficulty	_	_	_	_	15947	_	_	start_char=90311|end_char=90321
15949	to	_	_	_	_	15948	_	_	start_char=90322|end_char=90324
15950	persuade	_	_	_	_	15949	_	_	start_char=90325|end_char=90333
15951	my	_	_	_	_	15950	_	_	start_char=90334|end_char=90336
15952	father	_	_	_	_	15951	_	_	start_char=90337|end_char=90343
15953	that	_	_	_	_	15952	_	_	start_char=90344|end_char=90348
15954	all	_	_	_	_	15953	_	_	start_char=90349|end_char=90352
15955	necessary	_	_	_	_	15954	_	_	start_char=90353|end_char=90362
15956	knowledge	_	_	_	_	15955	_	_	start_char=90363|end_char=90372
15957	was	_	_	_	_	15956	_	_	start_char=90373|end_char=90376
15958	not	_	_	_	_	15957	_	_	start_char=90377|end_char=90380
15959	comprised	_	_	_	_	15958	_	_	start_char=90381|end_char=90390
15960	in	_	_	_	_	15959	_	_	start_char=90391|end_char=90393
15961	the	_	_	_	_	15960	_	_	start_char=90394|end_char=90397
15962	noble	_	_	_	_	15961	_	_	start_char=90398|end_char=90403
15963	art	_	_	_	_	15962	_	_	start_char=90404|end_char=90407
15964	of	_	_	_	_	15963	_	_	start_char=90408|end_char=90410
15965	book-keeping;	_	_	_	_	15964	_	_	start_char=90411|end_char=90424
15966	and,	_	_	_	_	15965	_	_	start_char=90425|end_char=90429
15967	indeed,	_	_	_	_	15966	_	_	start_char=90430|end_char=90437
15968	I	_	_	_	_	15967	_	_	start_char=90438|end_char=90439
15969	believe	_	_	_	_	15968	_	_	start_char=90440|end_char=90447
15970	I	_	_	_	_	15969	_	_	start_char=90448|end_char=90449
15971	left	_	_	_	_	15970	_	_	start_char=90450|end_char=90454
15972	him	_	_	_	_	15971	_	_	start_char=90455|end_char=90458
15973	incredulous	_	_	_	_	15972	_	_	start_char=90459|end_char=90470
15974	to	_	_	_	_	15973	_	_	start_char=90471|end_char=90473
15975	the	_	_	_	_	15974	_	_	start_char=90474|end_char=90477
15976	last,	_	_	_	_	15975	_	_	start_char=90478|end_char=90483
15977	for	_	_	_	_	15976	_	_	start_char=90484|end_char=90487
15978	his	_	_	_	_	15977	_	_	start_char=90488|end_char=90491
15979	constant	_	_	_	_	15978	_	_	start_char=90492|end_char=90500
15980	answer	_	_	_	_	15979	_	_	start_char=90501|end_char=90507
15981	to	_	_	_	_	15980	_	_	start_char=90508|end_char=90510
15982	my	_	_	_	_	15981	_	_	start_char=90511|end_char=90513
15983	unwearied	_	_	_	_	15982	_	_	start_char=90514|end_char=90523
15984	entreaties	_	_	_	_	15983	_	_	start_char=90524|end_char=90534
15985	was	_	_	_	_	15984	_	_	start_char=90535|end_char=90538
15986	the	_	_	_	_	15985	_	_	start_char=90539|end_char=90542
15987	same	_	_	_	_	15986	_	_	start_char=90543|end_char=90547
15988	as	_	_	_	_	15987	_	_	start_char=90548|end_char=90550
15989	that	_	_	_	_	15988	_	_	start_char=90551|end_char=90555
15990	of	_	_	_	_	15989	_	_	start_char=90556|end_char=90558
15991	the	_	_	_	_	15990	_	_	start_char=90559|end_char=90562
15992	Dutch	_	_	_	_	15991	_	_	start_char=90563|end_char=90568
15993	schoolmaster	_	_	_	_	15992	_	_	start_char=90569|end_char=90581
15994	in	_	_	_	_	15993	_	_	start_char=90582|end_char=90584
15995	The	_	_	_	_	15994	_	_	start_char=90585|end_char=90588
15996	Vicar	_	_	_	_	15995	_	_	start_char=90589|end_char=90594
15997	of	_	_	_	_	15996	_	_	start_char=90595|end_char=90597
15998	Wakefield:	_	_	_	_	15997	_	_	start_char=90598|end_char=90608
15999	‘I	_	_	_	_	15998	_	_	start_char=90609|end_char=90611
16000	have	_	_	_	_	15999	_	_	start_char=90612|end_char=90616
16001	ten	_	_	_	_	16000	_	_	start_char=90617|end_char=90620
16002	thousand	_	_	_	_	16001	_	_	start_char=90621|end_char=90629
16003	florins	_	_	_	_	16002	_	_	start_char=90630|end_char=90637
16004	a	_	_	_	_	16003	_	_	start_char=90638|end_char=90639
16005	year	_	_	_	_	16004	_	_	start_char=90640|end_char=90644
16006	without	_	_	_	_	16005	_	_	start_char=90645|end_char=90652
16007	Greek,	_	_	_	_	16006	_	_	start_char=90653|end_char=90659
16008	I	_	_	_	_	16007	_	_	start_char=90660|end_char=90661
16009	eat	_	_	_	_	16008	_	_	start_char=90662|end_char=90665
16010	heartily	_	_	_	_	16009	_	_	start_char=90666|end_char=90674
16011	without	_	_	_	_	16010	_	_	start_char=90675|end_char=90682
16012	Greek.’	_	_	_	_	16011	_	_	start_char=90683|end_char=90690
16013	But	_	_	_	_	16012	_	_	start_char=90691|end_char=90694
16014	his	_	_	_	_	16013	_	_	start_char=90695|end_char=90698
16015	affection	_	_	_	_	16014	_	_	start_char=90699|end_char=90708
16016	for	_	_	_	_	16015	_	_	start_char=90709|end_char=90712
16017	me	_	_	_	_	16016	_	_	start_char=90713|end_char=90715
16018	at	_	_	_	_	16017	_	_	start_char=90716|end_char=90718
16019	length	_	_	_	_	16018	_	_	start_char=90719|end_char=90725
16020	overcame	_	_	_	_	16019	_	_	start_char=90726|end_char=90734
16021	his	_	_	_	_	16020	_	_	start_char=90735|end_char=90738
16022	dislike	_	_	_	_	16021	_	_	start_char=90739|end_char=90746
16023	of	_	_	_	_	16022	_	_	start_char=90747|end_char=90749
16024	learning,	_	_	_	_	16023	_	_	start_char=90750|end_char=90759
16025	and	_	_	_	_	16024	_	_	start_char=90760|end_char=90763
16026	he	_	_	_	_	16025	_	_	start_char=90764|end_char=90766
16027	has	_	_	_	_	16026	_	_	start_char=90767|end_char=90770
16028	permitted	_	_	_	_	16027	_	_	start_char=90771|end_char=90780
16029	me	_	_	_	_	16028	_	_	start_char=90781|end_char=90783
16030	to	_	_	_	_	16029	_	_	start_char=90784|end_char=90786
16031	undertake	_	_	_	_	16030	_	_	start_char=90787|end_char=90796
16032	a	_	_	_	_	16031	_	_	start_char=90797|end_char=90798
16033	voyage	_	_	_	_	16032	_	_	start_char=90799|end_char=90805
16034	of	_	_	_	_	16033	_	_	start_char=90806|end_char=90808
16035	discovery	_	_	_	_	16034	_	_	start_char=90809|end_char=90818
16036	to	_	_	_	_	16035	_	_	start_char=90819|end_char=90821
16037	the	_	_	_	_	16036	_	_	start_char=90822|end_char=90825
16038	land	_	_	_	_	16037	_	_	start_char=90826|end_char=90830
16039	of	_	_	_	_	16038	_	_	start_char=90831|end_char=90833
16040	knowledge.”	_	_	_	_	16039	_	_	start_char=90834|end_char=90845
16041	“It	_	_	_	_	16040	_	_	start_char=90846|end_char=90849
16042	gives	_	_	_	_	16041	_	_	start_char=90850|end_char=90855
16043	me	_	_	_	_	16042	_	_	start_char=90856|end_char=90858
16044	the	_	_	_	_	16043	_	_	start_char=90859|end_char=90862
16045	greatest	_	_	_	_	16044	_	_	start_char=90863|end_char=90871
16046	delight	_	_	_	_	16045	_	_	start_char=90872|end_char=90879
16047	to	_	_	_	_	16046	_	_	start_char=90880|end_char=90882
16048	see	_	_	_	_	16047	_	_	start_char=90883|end_char=90886
16049	you;	_	_	_	_	16048	_	_	start_char=90887|end_char=90891
16050	but	_	_	_	_	16049	_	_	start_char=90892|end_char=90895
16051	tell	_	_	_	_	16050	_	_	start_char=90896|end_char=90900
16052	me	_	_	_	_	16051	_	_	start_char=90901|end_char=90903
16053	how	_	_	_	_	16052	_	_	start_char=90904|end_char=90907
16054	you	_	_	_	_	16053	_	_	start_char=90908|end_char=90911
16055	left	_	_	_	_	16054	_	_	start_char=90912|end_char=90916
16056	my	_	_	_	_	16055	_	_	start_char=90917|end_char=90919
16057	father,	_	_	_	_	16056	_	_	start_char=90920|end_char=90927
16058	brothers,	_	_	_	_	16057	_	_	start_char=90928|end_char=90937
16059	and	_	_	_	_	16058	_	_	start_char=90938|end_char=90941
16060	Elizabeth.”	_	_	_	_	16059	_	_	start_char=90942|end_char=90953
16061	“Very	_	_	_	_	16060	_	_	start_char=90954|end_char=90959
16062	well,	_	_	_	_	16061	_	_	start_char=90960|end_char=90965
16063	and	_	_	_	_	16062	_	_	start_char=90966|end_char=90969
16064	very	_	_	_	_	16063	_	_	start_char=90970|end_char=90974
16065	happy,	_	_	_	_	16064	_	_	start_char=90975|end_char=90981
16066	only	_	_	_	_	16065	_	_	start_char=90982|end_char=90986
16067	a	_	_	_	_	16066	_	_	start_char=90987|end_char=90988
16068	little	_	_	_	_	16067	_	_	start_char=90989|end_char=90995
16069	uneasy	_	_	_	_	16068	_	_	start_char=90996|end_char=91002
16070	that	_	_	_	_	16069	_	_	start_char=91003|end_char=91007
16071	they	_	_	_	_	16070	_	_	start_char=91008|end_char=91012
16072	hear	_	_	_	_	16071	_	_	start_char=91013|end_char=91017
16073	from	_	_	_	_	16072	_	_	start_char=91018|end_char=91022
16074	you	_	_	_	_	16073	_	_	start_char=91023|end_char=91026
16075	so	_	_	_	_	16074	_	_	start_char=91027|end_char=91029
16076	seldom.	_	_	_	_	16075	_	_	start_char=91030|end_char=91037
16077	By	_	_	_	_	16076	_	_	start_char=91038|end_char=91040
16078	the	_	_	_	_	16077	_	_	start_char=91041|end_char=91044
16079	by,	_	_	_	_	16078	_	_	start_char=91045|end_char=91048
16080	I	_	_	_	_	16079	_	_	start_char=91049|end_char=91050
16081	mean	_	_	_	_	16080	_	_	start_char=91051|end_char=91055
16082	to	_	_	_	_	16081	_	_	start_char=91056|end_char=91058
16083	lecture	_	_	_	_	16082	_	_	start_char=91059|end_char=91066
16084	you	_	_	_	_	16083	_	_	start_char=91067|end_char=91070
16085	a	_	_	_	_	16084	_	_	start_char=91071|end_char=91072
16086	little	_	_	_	_	16085	_	_	start_char=91073|end_char=91079
16087	upon	_	_	_	_	16086	_	_	start_char=91080|end_char=91084
16088	their	_	_	_	_	16087	_	_	start_char=91085|end_char=91090
16089	account	_	_	_	_	16088	_	_	start_char=91091|end_char=91098
16090	myself.	_	_	_	_	16089	_	_	start_char=91099|end_char=91106
16091	But,	_	_	_	_	16090	_	_	start_char=91107|end_char=91111
16092	my	_	_	_	_	16091	_	_	start_char=91112|end_char=91114
16093	dear	_	_	_	_	16092	_	_	start_char=91115|end_char=91119
16094	Frankenstein,”	_	_	_	_	16093	_	_	start_char=91120|end_char=91134
16095	continued	_	_	_	_	16094	_	_	start_char=91135|end_char=91144
16096	he,	_	_	_	_	16095	_	_	start_char=91145|end_char=91148
16097	stopping	_	_	_	_	16096	_	_	start_char=91149|end_char=91157
16098	short	_	_	_	_	16097	_	_	start_char=91158|end_char=91163
16099	and	_	_	_	_	16098	_	_	start_char=91164|end_char=91167
16100	gazing	_	_	_	_	16099	_	_	start_char=91168|end_char=91174
16101	full	_	_	_	_	16100	_	_	start_char=91175|end_char=91179
16102	in	_	_	_	_	16101	_	_	start_char=91180|end_char=91182
16103	my	_	_	_	_	16102	_	_	start_char=91183|end_char=91185
16104	face,	_	_	_	_	16103	_	_	start_char=91186|end_char=91191
16105	“I	_	_	_	_	16104	_	_	start_char=91192|end_char=91194
16106	did	_	_	_	_	16105	_	_	start_char=91195|end_char=91198
16107	not	_	_	_	_	16106	_	_	start_char=91199|end_char=91202
16108	before	_	_	_	_	16107	_	_	start_char=91203|end_char=91209
16109	remark	_	_	_	_	16108	_	_	start_char=91210|end_char=91216
16110	how	_	_	_	_	16109	_	_	start_char=91217|end_char=91220
16111	very	_	_	_	_	16110	_	_	start_char=91221|end_char=91225
16112	ill	_	_	_	_	16111	_	_	start_char=91226|end_char=91229
16113	you	_	_	_	_	16112	_	_	start_char=91230|end_char=91233
16114	appear;	_	_	_	_	16113	_	_	start_char=91234|end_char=91241
16115	so	_	_	_	_	16114	_	_	start_char=91242|end_char=91244
16116	thin	_	_	_	_	16115	_	_	start_char=91245|end_char=91249
16117	and	_	_	_	_	16116	_	_	start_char=91250|end_char=91253
16118	pale;	_	_	_	_	16117	_	_	start_char=91254|end_char=91259
16119	you	_	_	_	_	16118	_	_	start_char=91260|end_char=91263
16120	look	_	_	_	_	16119	_	_	start_char=91264|end_char=91268
16121	as	_	_	_	_	16120	_	_	start_char=91269|end_char=91271
16122	if	_	_	_	_	16121	_	_	start_char=91272|end_char=91274
16123	you	_	_	_	_	16122	_	_	start_char=91275|end_char=91278
16124	had	_	_	_	_	16123	_	_	start_char=91279|end_char=91282
16125	been	_	_	_	_	16124	_	_	start_char=91283|end_char=91287
16126	watching	_	_	_	_	16125	_	_	start_char=91288|end_char=91296
16127	for	_	_	_	_	16126	_	_	start_char=91297|end_char=91300
16128	several	_	_	_	_	16127	_	_	start_char=91301|end_char=91308
16129	nights.”	_	_	_	_	16128	_	_	start_char=91309|end_char=91317
16130	“You	_	_	_	_	16129	_	_	start_char=91318|end_char=91322
16131	have	_	_	_	_	16130	_	_	start_char=91323|end_char=91327
16132	guessed	_	_	_	_	16131	_	_	start_char=91328|end_char=91335
16133	right;	_	_	_	_	16132	_	_	start_char=91336|end_char=91342
16134	I	_	_	_	_	16133	_	_	start_char=91343|end_char=91344
16135	have	_	_	_	_	16134	_	_	start_char=91345|end_char=91349
16136	lately	_	_	_	_	16135	_	_	start_char=91350|end_char=91356
16137	been	_	_	_	_	16136	_	_	start_char=91357|end_char=91361
16138	so	_	_	_	_	16137	_	_	start_char=91362|end_char=91364
16139	deeply	_	_	_	_	16138	_	_	start_char=91365|end_char=91371
16140	engaged	_	_	_	_	16139	_	_	start_char=91372|end_char=91379
16141	in	_	_	_	_	16140	_	_	start_char=91380|end_char=91382
16142	one	_	_	_	_	16141	_	_	start_char=91383|end_char=91386
16143	occupation	_	_	_	_	16142	_	_	start_char=91387|end_char=91397
16144	that	_	_	_	_	16143	_	_	start_char=91398|end_char=91402
16145	I	_	_	_	_	16144	_	_	start_char=91403|end_char=91404
16146	have	_	_	_	_	16145	_	_	start_char=91405|end_char=91409
16147	not	_	_	_	_	16146	_	_	start_char=91410|end_char=91413
16148	allowed	_	_	_	_	16147	_	_	start_char=91414|end_char=91421
16149	myself	_	_	_	_	16148	_	_	start_char=91422|end_char=91428
16150	sufficient	_	_	_	_	16149	_	_	start_char=91429|end_char=91439
16151	rest,	_	_	_	_	16150	_	_	start_char=91440|end_char=91445
16152	as	_	_	_	_	16151	_	_	start_char=91446|end_char=91448
16153	you	_	_	_	_	16152	_	_	start_char=91449|end_char=91452
16154	see;	_	_	_	_	16153	_	_	start_char=91453|end_char=91457
16155	but	_	_	_	_	16154	_	_	start_char=91458|end_char=91461
16156	I	_	_	_	_	16155	_	_	start_char=91462|end_char=91463
16157	hope,	_	_	_	_	16156	_	_	start_char=91464|end_char=91469
16158	I	_	_	_	_	16157	_	_	start_char=91470|end_char=91471
16159	sincerely	_	_	_	_	16158	_	_	start_char=91472|end_char=91481
16160	hope,	_	_	_	_	16159	_	_	start_char=91482|end_char=91487
16161	that	_	_	_	_	16160	_	_	start_char=91488|end_char=91492
16162	all	_	_	_	_	16161	_	_	start_char=91493|end_char=91496
16163	these	_	_	_	_	16162	_	_	start_char=91497|end_char=91502
16164	employments	_	_	_	_	16163	_	_	start_char=91503|end_char=91514
16165	are	_	_	_	_	16164	_	_	start_char=91515|end_char=91518
16166	now	_	_	_	_	16165	_	_	start_char=91519|end_char=91522
16167	at	_	_	_	_	16166	_	_	start_char=91523|end_char=91525
16168	an	_	_	_	_	16167	_	_	start_char=91526|end_char=91528
16169	end	_	_	_	_	16168	_	_	start_char=91529|end_char=91532
16170	and	_	_	_	_	16169	_	_	start_char=91533|end_char=91536
16171	that	_	_	_	_	16170	_	_	start_char=91537|end_char=91541
16172	I	_	_	_	_	16171	_	_	start_char=91542|end_char=91543
16173	am	_	_	_	_	16172	_	_	start_char=91544|end_char=91546
16174	at	_	_	_	_	16173	_	_	start_char=91547|end_char=91549
16175	length	_	_	_	_	16174	_	_	start_char=91550|end_char=91556
16176	free.”	_	_	_	_	16175	_	_	start_char=91557|end_char=91563
16177	I	_	_	_	_	16176	_	_	start_char=91564|end_char=91565
16178	trembled	_	_	_	_	16177	_	_	start_char=91566|end_char=91574
16179	excessively;	_	_	_	_	16178	_	_	start_char=91575|end_char=91587
16180	I	_	_	_	_	16179	_	_	start_char=91588|end_char=91589
16181	could	_	_	_	_	16180	_	_	start_char=91590|end_char=91595
16182	not	_	_	_	_	16181	_	_	start_char=91596|end_char=91599
16183	endure	_	_	_	_	16182	_	_	start_char=91600|end_char=91606
16184	to	_	_	_	_	16183	_	_	start_char=91607|end_char=91609
16185	think	_	_	_	_	16184	_	_	start_char=91610|end_char=91615
16186	of,	_	_	_	_	16185	_	_	start_char=91616|end_char=91619
16187	and	_	_	_	_	16186	_	_	start_char=91620|end_char=91623
16188	far	_	_	_	_	16187	_	_	start_char=91624|end_char=91627
16189	less	_	_	_	_	16188	_	_	start_char=91628|end_char=91632
16190	to	_	_	_	_	16189	_	_	start_char=91633|end_char=91635
16191	allude	_	_	_	_	16190	_	_	start_char=91636|end_char=91642
16192	to,	_	_	_	_	16191	_	_	start_char=91643|end_char=91646
16193	the	_	_	_	_	16192	_	_	start_char=91647|end_char=91650
16194	occurrences	_	_	_	_	16193	_	_	start_char=91651|end_char=91662
16195	of	_	_	_	_	16194	_	_	start_char=91663|end_char=91665
16196	the	_	_	_	_	16195	_	_	start_char=91666|end_char=91669
16197	preceding	_	_	_	_	16196	_	_	start_char=91670|end_char=91679
16198	night.	_	_	_	_	16197	_	_	start_char=91680|end_char=91686
16199	I	_	_	_	_	16198	_	_	start_char=91687|end_char=91688
16200	walked	_	_	_	_	16199	_	_	start_char=91689|end_char=91695
16201	with	_	_	_	_	16200	_	_	start_char=91696|end_char=91700
16202	a	_	_	_	_	16201	_	_	start_char=91701|end_char=91702
16203	quick	_	_	_	_	16202	_	_	start_char=91703|end_char=91708
16204	pace,	_	_	_	_	16203	_	_	start_char=91709|end_char=91714
16205	and	_	_	_	_	16204	_	_	start_char=91715|end_char=91718
16206	we	_	_	_	_	16205	_	_	start_char=91719|end_char=91721
16207	soon	_	_	_	_	16206	_	_	start_char=91722|end_char=91726
16208	arrived	_	_	_	_	16207	_	_	start_char=91727|end_char=91734
16209	at	_	_	_	_	16208	_	_	start_char=91735|end_char=91737
16210	my	_	_	_	_	16209	_	_	start_char=91738|end_char=91740
16211	college.	_	_	_	_	16210	_	_	start_char=91741|end_char=91749
16212	I	_	_	_	_	16211	_	_	start_char=91750|end_char=91751
16213	then	_	_	_	_	16212	_	_	start_char=91752|end_char=91756
16214	reflected,	_	_	_	_	16213	_	_	start_char=91757|end_char=91767
16215	and	_	_	_	_	16214	_	_	start_char=91768|end_char=91771
16216	the	_	_	_	_	16215	_	_	start_char=91772|end_char=91775
16217	thought	_	_	_	_	16216	_	_	start_char=91776|end_char=91783
16218	made	_	_	_	_	16217	_	_	start_char=91784|end_char=91788
16219	me	_	_	_	_	16218	_	_	start_char=91789|end_char=91791
16220	shiver,	_	_	_	_	16219	_	_	start_char=91792|end_char=91799
16221	that	_	_	_	_	16220	_	_	start_char=91800|end_char=91804
16222	the	_	_	_	_	16221	_	_	start_char=91805|end_char=91808
16223	creature	_	_	_	_	16222	_	_	start_char=91809|end_char=91817
16224	whom	_	_	_	_	16223	_	_	start_char=91818|end_char=91822
16225	I	_	_	_	_	16224	_	_	start_char=91823|end_char=91824
16226	had	_	_	_	_	16225	_	_	start_char=91825|end_char=91828
16227	left	_	_	_	_	16226	_	_	start_char=91829|end_char=91833
16228	in	_	_	_	_	16227	_	_	start_char=91834|end_char=91836
16229	my	_	_	_	_	16228	_	_	start_char=91837|end_char=91839
16230	apartment	_	_	_	_	16229	_	_	start_char=91840|end_char=91849
16231	might	_	_	_	_	16230	_	_	start_char=91850|end_char=91855
16232	still	_	_	_	_	16231	_	_	start_char=91856|end_char=91861
16233	be	_	_	_	_	16232	_	_	start_char=91862|end_char=91864
16234	there,	_	_	_	_	16233	_	_	start_char=91865|end_char=91871
16235	alive	_	_	_	_	16234	_	_	start_char=91872|end_char=91877
16236	and	_	_	_	_	16235	_	_	start_char=91878|end_char=91881
16237	walking	_	_	_	_	16236	_	_	start_char=91882|end_char=91889
16238	about.	_	_	_	_	16237	_	_	start_char=91890|end_char=91896
16239	I	_	_	_	_	16238	_	_	start_char=91897|end_char=91898
16240	dreaded	_	_	_	_	16239	_	_	start_char=91899|end_char=91906
16241	to	_	_	_	_	16240	_	_	start_char=91907|end_char=91909
16242	behold	_	_	_	_	16241	_	_	start_char=91910|end_char=91916
16243	this	_	_	_	_	16242	_	_	start_char=91917|end_char=91921
16244	monster,	_	_	_	_	16243	_	_	start_char=91922|end_char=91930
16245	but	_	_	_	_	16244	_	_	start_char=91931|end_char=91934
16246	I	_	_	_	_	16245	_	_	start_char=91935|end_char=91936
16247	feared	_	_	_	_	16246	_	_	start_char=91937|end_char=91943
16248	still	_	_	_	_	16247	_	_	start_char=91944|end_char=91949
16249	more	_	_	_	_	16248	_	_	start_char=91950|end_char=91954
16250	that	_	_	_	_	16249	_	_	start_char=91955|end_char=91959
16251	Henry	_	_	_	_	16250	_	_	start_char=91960|end_char=91965
16252	should	_	_	_	_	16251	_	_	start_char=91966|end_char=91972
16253	see	_	_	_	_	16252	_	_	start_char=91973|end_char=91976
16254	him.	_	_	_	_	16253	_	_	start_char=91977|end_char=91981
16255	Entreating	_	_	_	_	16254	_	_	start_char=91982|end_char=91992
16256	him,	_	_	_	_	16255	_	_	start_char=91993|end_char=91997
16257	therefore,	_	_	_	_	16256	_	_	start_char=91998|end_char=92008
16258	to	_	_	_	_	16257	_	_	start_char=92009|end_char=92011
16259	remain	_	_	_	_	16258	_	_	start_char=92012|end_char=92018
16260	a	_	_	_	_	16259	_	_	start_char=92019|end_char=92020
16261	few	_	_	_	_	16260	_	_	start_char=92021|end_char=92024
16262	minutes	_	_	_	_	16261	_	_	start_char=92025|end_char=92032
16263	at	_	_	_	_	16262	_	_	start_char=92033|end_char=92035
16264	the	_	_	_	_	16263	_	_	start_char=92036|end_char=92039
16265	bottom	_	_	_	_	16264	_	_	start_char=92040|end_char=92046
16266	of	_	_	_	_	16265	_	_	start_char=92047|end_char=92049
16267	the	_	_	_	_	16266	_	_	start_char=92050|end_char=92053
16268	stairs,	_	_	_	_	16267	_	_	start_char=92054|end_char=92061
16269	I	_	_	_	_	16268	_	_	start_char=92062|end_char=92063
16270	darted	_	_	_	_	16269	_	_	start_char=92064|end_char=92070
16271	up	_	_	_	_	16270	_	_	start_char=92071|end_char=92073
16272	towards	_	_	_	_	16271	_	_	start_char=92074|end_char=92081
16273	my	_	_	_	_	16272	_	_	start_char=92082|end_char=92084
16274	own	_	_	_	_	16273	_	_	start_char=92085|end_char=92088
16275	room.	_	_	_	_	16274	_	_	start_char=92089|end_char=92094
16276	My	_	_	_	_	16275	_	_	start_char=92095|end_char=92097
16277	hand	_	_	_	_	16276	_	_	start_char=92098|end_char=92102
16278	was	_	_	_	_	16277	_	_	start_char=92103|end_char=92106
16279	already	_	_	_	_	16278	_	_	start_char=92107|end_char=92114
16280	on	_	_	_	_	16279	_	_	start_char=92115|end_char=92117
16281	the	_	_	_	_	16280	_	_	start_char=92118|end_char=92121
16282	lock	_	_	_	_	16281	_	_	start_char=92122|end_char=92126
16283	of	_	_	_	_	16282	_	_	start_char=92127|end_char=92129
16284	the	_	_	_	_	16283	_	_	start_char=92130|end_char=92133
16285	door	_	_	_	_	16284	_	_	start_char=92134|end_char=92138
16286	before	_	_	_	_	16285	_	_	start_char=92139|end_char=92145
16287	I	_	_	_	_	16286	_	_	start_char=92146|end_char=92147
16288	recollected	_	_	_	_	16287	_	_	start_char=92148|end_char=92159
16289	myself.	_	_	_	_	16288	_	_	start_char=92160|end_char=92167
16290	I	_	_	_	_	16289	_	_	start_char=92168|end_char=92169
16291	then	_	_	_	_	16290	_	_	start_char=92170|end_char=92174
16292	paused,	_	_	_	_	16291	_	_	start_char=92175|end_char=92182
16293	and	_	_	_	_	16292	_	_	start_char=92183|end_char=92186
16294	a	_	_	_	_	16293	_	_	start_char=92187|end_char=92188
16295	cold	_	_	_	_	16294	_	_	start_char=92189|end_char=92193
16296	shivering	_	_	_	_	16295	_	_	start_char=92194|end_char=92203
16297	came	_	_	_	_	16296	_	_	start_char=92204|end_char=92208
16298	over	_	_	_	_	16297	_	_	start_char=92209|end_char=92213
16299	me.	_	_	_	_	16298	_	_	start_char=92214|end_char=92217
16300	I	_	_	_	_	16299	_	_	start_char=92218|end_char=92219
16301	threw	_	_	_	_	16300	_	_	start_char=92220|end_char=92225
16302	the	_	_	_	_	16301	_	_	start_char=92226|end_char=92229
16303	door	_	_	_	_	16302	_	_	start_char=92230|end_char=92234
16304	forcibly	_	_	_	_	16303	_	_	start_char=92235|end_char=92243
16305	open,	_	_	_	_	16304	_	_	start_char=92244|end_char=92249
16306	as	_	_	_	_	16305	_	_	start_char=92250|end_char=92252
16307	children	_	_	_	_	16306	_	_	start_char=92253|end_char=92261
16308	are	_	_	_	_	16307	_	_	start_char=92262|end_char=92265
16309	accustomed	_	_	_	_	16308	_	_	start_char=92266|end_char=92276
16310	to	_	_	_	_	16309	_	_	start_char=92277|end_char=92279
16311	do	_	_	_	_	16310	_	_	start_char=92280|end_char=92282
16312	when	_	_	_	_	16311	_	_	start_char=92283|end_char=92287
16313	they	_	_	_	_	16312	_	_	start_char=92288|end_char=92292
16314	expect	_	_	_	_	16313	_	_	start_char=92293|end_char=92299
16315	a	_	_	_	_	16314	_	_	start_char=92300|end_char=92301
16316	spectre	_	_	_	_	16315	_	_	start_char=92302|end_char=92309
16317	to	_	_	_	_	16316	_	_	start_char=92310|end_char=92312
16318	stand	_	_	_	_	16317	_	_	start_char=92313|end_char=92318
16319	in	_	_	_	_	16318	_	_	start_char=92319|end_char=92321
16320	waiting	_	_	_	_	16319	_	_	start_char=92322|end_char=92329
16321	for	_	_	_	_	16320	_	_	start_char=92330|end_char=92333
16322	them	_	_	_	_	16321	_	_	start_char=92334|end_char=92338
16323	on	_	_	_	_	16322	_	_	start_char=92339|end_char=92341
16324	the	_	_	_	_	16323	_	_	start_char=92342|end_char=92345
16325	other	_	_	_	_	16324	_	_	start_char=92346|end_char=92351
16326	side;	_	_	_	_	16325	_	_	start_char=92352|end_char=92357
16327	but	_	_	_	_	16326	_	_	start_char=92358|end_char=92361
16328	nothing	_	_	_	_	16327	_	_	start_char=92362|end_char=92369
16329	appeared.	_	_	_	_	16328	_	_	start_char=92370|end_char=92379
16330	I	_	_	_	_	16329	_	_	start_char=92380|end_char=92381
16331	stepped	_	_	_	_	16330	_	_	start_char=92382|end_char=92389
16332	fearfully	_	_	_	_	16331	_	_	start_char=92390|end_char=92399
16333	in:	_	_	_	_	16332	_	_	start_char=92400|end_char=92403
16334	the	_	_	_	_	16333	_	_	start_char=92404|end_char=92407
16335	apartment	_	_	_	_	16334	_	_	start_char=92408|end_char=92417
16336	was	_	_	_	_	16335	_	_	start_char=92418|end_char=92421
16337	empty,	_	_	_	_	16336	_	_	start_char=92422|end_char=92428
16338	and	_	_	_	_	16337	_	_	start_char=92429|end_char=92432
16339	my	_	_	_	_	16338	_	_	start_char=92433|end_char=92435
16340	bedroom	_	_	_	_	16339	_	_	start_char=92436|end_char=92443
16341	was	_	_	_	_	16340	_	_	start_char=92444|end_char=92447
16342	also	_	_	_	_	16341	_	_	start_char=92448|end_char=92452
16343	freed	_	_	_	_	16342	_	_	start_char=92453|end_char=92458
16344	from	_	_	_	_	16343	_	_	start_char=92459|end_char=92463
16345	its	_	_	_	_	16344	_	_	start_char=92464|end_char=92467
16346	hideous	_	_	_	_	16345	_	_	start_char=92468|end_char=92475
16347	guest.	_	_	_	_	16346	_	_	start_char=92476|end_char=92482
16348	I	_	_	_	_	16347	_	_	start_char=92483|end_char=92484
16349	could	_	_	_	_	16348	_	_	start_char=92485|end_char=92490
16350	hardly	_	_	_	_	16349	_	_	start_char=92491|end_char=92497
16351	believe	_	_	_	_	16350	_	_	start_char=92498|end_char=92505
16352	that	_	_	_	_	16351	_	_	start_char=92506|end_char=92510
16353	so	_	_	_	_	16352	_	_	start_char=92511|end_char=92513
16354	great	_	_	_	_	16353	_	_	start_char=92514|end_char=92519
16355	a	_	_	_	_	16354	_	_	start_char=92520|end_char=92521
16356	good	_	_	_	_	16355	_	_	start_char=92522|end_char=92526
16357	fortune	_	_	_	_	16356	_	_	start_char=92527|end_char=92534
16358	could	_	_	_	_	16357	_	_	start_char=92535|end_char=92540
16359	have	_	_	_	_	16358	_	_	start_char=92541|end_char=92545
16360	befallen	_	_	_	_	16359	_	_	start_char=92546|end_char=92554
16361	me,	_	_	_	_	16360	_	_	start_char=92555|end_char=92558
16362	but	_	_	_	_	16361	_	_	start_char=92559|end_char=92562
16363	when	_	_	_	_	16362	_	_	start_char=92563|end_char=92567
16364	I	_	_	_	_	16363	_	_	start_char=92568|end_char=92569
16365	became	_	_	_	_	16364	_	_	start_char=92570|end_char=92576
16366	assured	_	_	_	_	16365	_	_	start_char=92577|end_char=92584
16367	that	_	_	_	_	16366	_	_	start_char=92585|end_char=92589
16368	my	_	_	_	_	16367	_	_	start_char=92590|end_char=92592
16369	enemy	_	_	_	_	16368	_	_	start_char=92593|end_char=92598
16370	had	_	_	_	_	16369	_	_	start_char=92599|end_char=92602
16371	indeed	_	_	_	_	16370	_	_	start_char=92603|end_char=92609
16372	fled,	_	_	_	_	16371	_	_	start_char=92610|end_char=92615
16373	I	_	_	_	_	16372	_	_	start_char=92616|end_char=92617
16374	clapped	_	_	_	_	16373	_	_	start_char=92618|end_char=92625
16375	my	_	_	_	_	16374	_	_	start_char=92626|end_char=92628
16376	hands	_	_	_	_	16375	_	_	start_char=92629|end_char=92634
16377	for	_	_	_	_	16376	_	_	start_char=92635|end_char=92638
16378	joy	_	_	_	_	16377	_	_	start_char=92639|end_char=92642
16379	and	_	_	_	_	16378	_	_	start_char=92643|end_char=92646
16380	ran	_	_	_	_	16379	_	_	start_char=92647|end_char=92650
16381	down	_	_	_	_	16380	_	_	start_char=92651|end_char=92655
16382	to	_	_	_	_	16381	_	_	start_char=92656|end_char=92658
16383	Clerval.	_	_	_	_	16382	_	_	start_char=92659|end_char=92667
16384	We	_	_	_	_	16383	_	_	start_char=92668|end_char=92670
16385	ascended	_	_	_	_	16384	_	_	start_char=92671|end_char=92679
16386	into	_	_	_	_	16385	_	_	start_char=92680|end_char=92684
16387	my	_	_	_	_	16386	_	_	start_char=92685|end_char=92687
16388	room,	_	_	_	_	16387	_	_	start_char=92688|end_char=92693
16389	and	_	_	_	_	16388	_	_	start_char=92694|end_char=92697
16390	the	_	_	_	_	16389	_	_	start_char=92698|end_char=92701
16391	servant	_	_	_	_	16390	_	_	start_char=92702|end_char=92709
16392	presently	_	_	_	_	16391	_	_	start_char=92710|end_char=92719
16393	brought	_	_	_	_	16392	_	_	start_char=92720|end_char=92727
16394	breakfast;	_	_	_	_	16393	_	_	start_char=92728|end_char=92738
16395	but	_	_	_	_	16394	_	_	start_char=92739|end_char=92742
16396	I	_	_	_	_	16395	_	_	start_char=92743|end_char=92744
16397	was	_	_	_	_	16396	_	_	start_char=92745|end_char=92748
16398	unable	_	_	_	_	16397	_	_	start_char=92749|end_char=92755
16399	to	_	_	_	_	16398	_	_	start_char=92756|end_char=92758
16400	contain	_	_	_	_	16399	_	_	start_char=92759|end_char=92766
16401	myself.	_	_	_	_	16400	_	_	start_char=92767|end_char=92774
16402	It	_	_	_	_	16401	_	_	start_char=92775|end_char=92777
16403	was	_	_	_	_	16402	_	_	start_char=92778|end_char=92781
16404	not	_	_	_	_	16403	_	_	start_char=92782|end_char=92785
16405	joy	_	_	_	_	16404	_	_	start_char=92786|end_char=92789
16406	only	_	_	_	_	16405	_	_	start_char=92790|end_char=92794
16407	that	_	_	_	_	16406	_	_	start_char=92795|end_char=92799
16408	possessed	_	_	_	_	16407	_	_	start_char=92800|end_char=92809
16409	me;	_	_	_	_	16408	_	_	start_char=92810|end_char=92813
16410	I	_	_	_	_	16409	_	_	start_char=92814|end_char=92815
16411	felt	_	_	_	_	16410	_	_	start_char=92816|end_char=92820
16412	my	_	_	_	_	16411	_	_	start_char=92821|end_char=92823
16413	flesh	_	_	_	_	16412	_	_	start_char=92824|end_char=92829
16414	tingle	_	_	_	_	16413	_	_	start_char=92830|end_char=92836
16415	with	_	_	_	_	16414	_	_	start_char=92837|end_char=92841
16416	excess	_	_	_	_	16415	_	_	start_char=92842|end_char=92848
16417	of	_	_	_	_	16416	_	_	start_char=92849|end_char=92851
16418	sensitiveness,	_	_	_	_	16417	_	_	start_char=92852|end_char=92866
16419	and	_	_	_	_	16418	_	_	start_char=92867|end_char=92870
16420	my	_	_	_	_	16419	_	_	start_char=92871|end_char=92873
16421	pulse	_	_	_	_	16420	_	_	start_char=92874|end_char=92879
16422	beat	_	_	_	_	16421	_	_	start_char=92880|end_char=92884
16423	rapidly.	_	_	_	_	16422	_	_	start_char=92885|end_char=92893
16424	I	_	_	_	_	16423	_	_	start_char=92894|end_char=92895
16425	was	_	_	_	_	16424	_	_	start_char=92896|end_char=92899
16426	unable	_	_	_	_	16425	_	_	start_char=92900|end_char=92906
16427	to	_	_	_	_	16426	_	_	start_char=92907|end_char=92909
16428	remain	_	_	_	_	16427	_	_	start_char=92910|end_char=92916
16429	for	_	_	_	_	16428	_	_	start_char=92917|end_char=92920
16430	a	_	_	_	_	16429	_	_	start_char=92921|end_char=92922
16431	single	_	_	_	_	16430	_	_	start_char=92923|end_char=92929
16432	instant	_	_	_	_	16431	_	_	start_char=92930|end_char=92937
16433	in	_	_	_	_	16432	_	_	start_char=92938|end_char=92940
16434	the	_	_	_	_	16433	_	_	start_char=92941|end_char=92944
16435	same	_	_	_	_	16434	_	_	start_char=92945|end_char=92949
16436	place;	_	_	_	_	16435	_	_	start_char=92950|end_char=92956
16437	I	_	_	_	_	16436	_	_	start_char=92957|end_char=92958
16438	jumped	_	_	_	_	16437	_	_	start_char=92959|end_char=92965
16439	over	_	_	_	_	16438	_	_	start_char=92966|end_char=92970
16440	the	_	_	_	_	16439	_	_	start_char=92971|end_char=92974
16441	chairs,	_	_	_	_	16440	_	_	start_char=92975|end_char=92982
16442	clapped	_	_	_	_	16441	_	_	start_char=92983|end_char=92990
16443	my	_	_	_	_	16442	_	_	start_char=92991|end_char=92993
16444	hands,	_	_	_	_	16443	_	_	start_char=92994|end_char=93000
16445	and	_	_	_	_	16444	_	_	start_char=93001|end_char=93004
16446	laughed	_	_	_	_	16445	_	_	start_char=93005|end_char=93012
16447	aloud.	_	_	_	_	16446	_	_	start_char=93013|end_char=93019
16448	Clerval	_	_	_	_	16447	_	_	start_char=93020|end_char=93027
16449	at	_	_	_	_	16448	_	_	start_char=93028|end_char=93030
16450	first	_	_	_	_	16449	_	_	start_char=93031|end_char=93036
16451	attributed	_	_	_	_	16450	_	_	start_char=93037|end_char=93047
16452	my	_	_	_	_	16451	_	_	start_char=93048|end_char=93050
16453	unusual	_	_	_	_	16452	_	_	start_char=93051|end_char=93058
16454	spirits	_	_	_	_	16453	_	_	start_char=93059|end_char=93066
16455	to	_	_	_	_	16454	_	_	start_char=93067|end_char=93069
16456	joy	_	_	_	_	16455	_	_	start_char=93070|end_char=93073
16457	on	_	_	_	_	16456	_	_	start_char=93074|end_char=93076
16458	his	_	_	_	_	16457	_	_	start_char=93077|end_char=93080
16459	arrival,	_	_	_	_	16458	_	_	start_char=93081|end_char=93089
16460	but	_	_	_	_	16459	_	_	start_char=93090|end_char=93093
16461	when	_	_	_	_	16460	_	_	start_char=93094|end_char=93098
16462	he	_	_	_	_	16461	_	_	start_char=93099|end_char=93101
16463	observed	_	_	_	_	16462	_	_	start_char=93102|end_char=93110
16464	me	_	_	_	_	16463	_	_	start_char=93111|end_char=93113
16465	more	_	_	_	_	16464	_	_	start_char=93114|end_char=93118
16466	attentively,	_	_	_	_	16465	_	_	start_char=93119|end_char=93131
16467	he	_	_	_	_	16466	_	_	start_char=93132|end_char=93134
16468	saw	_	_	_	_	16467	_	_	start_char=93135|end_char=93138
16469	a	_	_	_	_	16468	_	_	start_char=93139|end_char=93140
16470	wildness	_	_	_	_	16469	_	_	start_char=93141|end_char=93149
16471	in	_	_	_	_	16470	_	_	start_char=93150|end_char=93152
16472	my	_	_	_	_	16471	_	_	start_char=93153|end_char=93155
16473	eyes	_	_	_	_	16472	_	_	start_char=93156|end_char=93160
16474	for	_	_	_	_	16473	_	_	start_char=93161|end_char=93164
16475	which	_	_	_	_	16474	_	_	start_char=93165|end_char=93170
16476	he	_	_	_	_	16475	_	_	start_char=93171|end_char=93173
16477	could	_	_	_	_	16476	_	_	start_char=93174|end_char=93179
16478	not	_	_	_	_	16477	_	_	start_char=93180|end_char=93183
16479	account,	_	_	_	_	16478	_	_	start_char=93184|end_char=93192
16480	and	_	_	_	_	16479	_	_	start_char=93193|end_char=93196
16481	my	_	_	_	_	16480	_	_	start_char=93197|end_char=93199
16482	loud,	_	_	_	_	16481	_	_	start_char=93200|end_char=93205
16483	unrestrained,	_	_	_	_	16482	_	_	start_char=93206|end_char=93219
16484	heartless	_	_	_	_	16483	_	_	start_char=93220|end_char=93229
16485	laughter	_	_	_	_	16484	_	_	start_char=93230|end_char=93238
16486	frightened	_	_	_	_	16485	_	_	start_char=93239|end_char=93249
16487	and	_	_	_	_	16486	_	_	start_char=93250|end_char=93253
16488	astonished	_	_	_	_	16487	_	_	start_char=93254|end_char=93264
16489	him.	_	_	_	_	16488	_	_	start_char=93265|end_char=93269
16490	“My	_	_	_	_	16489	_	_	start_char=93270|end_char=93273
16491	dear	_	_	_	_	16490	_	_	start_char=93274|end_char=93278
16492	Victor,”	_	_	_	_	16491	_	_	start_char=93279|end_char=93287
16493	cried	_	_	_	_	16492	_	_	start_char=93288|end_char=93293
16494	he,	_	_	_	_	16493	_	_	start_char=93294|end_char=93297
16495	“what,	_	_	_	_	16494	_	_	start_char=93298|end_char=93304
16496	for	_	_	_	_	16495	_	_	start_char=93305|end_char=93308
16497	God’s	_	_	_	_	16496	_	_	start_char=93309|end_char=93314
16498	sake,	_	_	_	_	16497	_	_	start_char=93315|end_char=93320
16499	is	_	_	_	_	16498	_	_	start_char=93321|end_char=93323
16500	the	_	_	_	_	16499	_	_	start_char=93324|end_char=93327
16501	matter?	_	_	_	_	16500	_	_	start_char=93328|end_char=93335
16502	Do	_	_	_	_	16501	_	_	start_char=93336|end_char=93338
16503	not	_	_	_	_	16502	_	_	start_char=93339|end_char=93342
16504	laugh	_	_	_	_	16503	_	_	start_char=93343|end_char=93348
16505	in	_	_	_	_	16504	_	_	start_char=93349|end_char=93351
16506	that	_	_	_	_	16505	_	_	start_char=93352|end_char=93356
16507	manner.	_	_	_	_	16506	_	_	start_char=93357|end_char=93364
16508	How	_	_	_	_	16507	_	_	start_char=93365|end_char=93368
16509	ill	_	_	_	_	16508	_	_	start_char=93369|end_char=93372
16510	you	_	_	_	_	16509	_	_	start_char=93373|end_char=93376
16511	are!	_	_	_	_	16510	_	_	start_char=93377|end_char=93381
16512	What	_	_	_	_	16511	_	_	start_char=93382|end_char=93386
16513	is	_	_	_	_	16512	_	_	start_char=93387|end_char=93389
16514	the	_	_	_	_	16513	_	_	start_char=93390|end_char=93393
16515	cause	_	_	_	_	16514	_	_	start_char=93394|end_char=93399
16516	of	_	_	_	_	16515	_	_	start_char=93400|end_char=93402
16517	all	_	_	_	_	16516	_	_	start_char=93403|end_char=93406
16518	this?”	_	_	_	_	16517	_	_	start_char=93407|end_char=93413
16519	“Do	_	_	_	_	16518	_	_	start_char=93414|end_char=93417
16520	not	_	_	_	_	16519	_	_	start_char=93418|end_char=93421
16521	ask	_	_	_	_	16520	_	_	start_char=93422|end_char=93425
16522	me,”	_	_	_	_	16521	_	_	start_char=93426|end_char=93430
16523	cried	_	_	_	_	16522	_	_	start_char=93431|end_char=93436
16524	I,	_	_	_	_	16523	_	_	start_char=93437|end_char=93439
16525	putting	_	_	_	_	16524	_	_	start_char=93440|end_char=93447
16526	my	_	_	_	_	16525	_	_	start_char=93448|end_char=93450
16527	hands	_	_	_	_	16526	_	_	start_char=93451|end_char=93456
16528	before	_	_	_	_	16527	_	_	start_char=93457|end_char=93463
16529	my	_	_	_	_	16528	_	_	start_char=93464|end_char=93466
16530	eyes,	_	_	_	_	16529	_	_	start_char=93467|end_char=93472
16531	for	_	_	_	_	16530	_	_	start_char=93473|end_char=93476
16532	I	_	_	_	_	16531	_	_	start_char=93477|end_char=93478
16533	thought	_	_	_	_	16532	_	_	start_char=93479|end_char=93486
16534	I	_	_	_	_	16533	_	_	start_char=93487|end_char=93488
16535	saw	_	_	_	_	16534	_	_	start_char=93489|end_char=93492
16536	the	_	_	_	_	16535	_	_	start_char=93493|end_char=93496
16537	dreaded	_	_	_	_	16536	_	_	start_char=93497|end_char=93504
16538	spectre	_	_	_	_	16537	_	_	start_char=93505|end_char=93512
16539	glide	_	_	_	_	16538	_	_	start_char=93513|end_char=93518
16540	into	_	_	_	_	16539	_	_	start_char=93519|end_char=93523
16541	the	_	_	_	_	16540	_	_	start_char=93524|end_char=93527
16542	room;	_	_	_	_	16541	_	_	start_char=93528|end_char=93533
16543	“_he_	_	_	_	_	16542	_	_	start_char=93534|end_char=93539
16544	can	_	_	_	_	16543	_	_	start_char=93540|end_char=93543
16545	tell.	_	_	_	_	16544	_	_	start_char=93544|end_char=93549
16546	Oh,	_	_	_	_	16545	_	_	start_char=93550|end_char=93553
16547	save	_	_	_	_	16546	_	_	start_char=93554|end_char=93558
16548	me!	_	_	_	_	16547	_	_	start_char=93559|end_char=93562
16549	Save	_	_	_	_	16548	_	_	start_char=93563|end_char=93567
16550	me!”	_	_	_	_	16549	_	_	start_char=93568|end_char=93572
16551	I	_	_	_	_	16550	_	_	start_char=93573|end_char=93574
16552	imagined	_	_	_	_	16551	_	_	start_char=93575|end_char=93583
16553	that	_	_	_	_	16552	_	_	start_char=93584|end_char=93588
16554	the	_	_	_	_	16553	_	_	start_char=93589|end_char=93592
16555	monster	_	_	_	_	16554	_	_	start_char=93593|end_char=93600
16556	seized	_	_	_	_	16555	_	_	start_char=93601|end_char=93607
16557	me;	_	_	_	_	16556	_	_	start_char=93608|end_char=93611
16558	I	_	_	_	_	16557	_	_	start_char=93612|end_char=93613
16559	struggled	_	_	_	_	16558	_	_	start_char=93614|end_char=93623
16560	furiously	_	_	_	_	16559	_	_	start_char=93624|end_char=93633
16561	and	_	_	_	_	16560	_	_	start_char=93634|end_char=93637
16562	fell	_	_	_	_	16561	_	_	start_char=93638|end_char=93642
16563	down	_	_	_	_	16562	_	_	start_char=93643|end_char=93647
16564	in	_	_	_	_	16563	_	_	start_char=93648|end_char=93650
16565	a	_	_	_	_	16564	_	_	start_char=93651|end_char=93652
16566	fit.	_	_	_	_	16565	_	_	start_char=93653|end_char=93657
16567	Poor	_	_	_	_	16566	_	_	start_char=93658|end_char=93662
16568	Clerval!	_	_	_	_	16567	_	_	start_char=93663|end_char=93671
16569	What	_	_	_	_	16568	_	_	start_char=93672|end_char=93676
16570	must	_	_	_	_	16569	_	_	start_char=93677|end_char=93681
16571	have	_	_	_	_	16570	_	_	start_char=93682|end_char=93686
16572	been	_	_	_	_	16571	_	_	start_char=93687|end_char=93691
16573	his	_	_	_	_	16572	_	_	start_char=93692|end_char=93695
16574	feelings?	_	_	_	_	16573	_	_	start_char=93696|end_char=93705
16575	A	_	_	_	_	16574	_	_	start_char=93706|end_char=93707
16576	meeting,	_	_	_	_	16575	_	_	start_char=93708|end_char=93716
16577	which	_	_	_	_	16576	_	_	start_char=93717|end_char=93722
16578	he	_	_	_	_	16577	_	_	start_char=93723|end_char=93725
16579	anticipated	_	_	_	_	16578	_	_	start_char=93726|end_char=93737
16580	with	_	_	_	_	16579	_	_	start_char=93738|end_char=93742
16581	such	_	_	_	_	16580	_	_	start_char=93743|end_char=93747
16582	joy,	_	_	_	_	16581	_	_	start_char=93748|end_char=93752
16583	so	_	_	_	_	16582	_	_	start_char=93753|end_char=93755
16584	strangely	_	_	_	_	16583	_	_	start_char=93756|end_char=93765
16585	turned	_	_	_	_	16584	_	_	start_char=93766|end_char=93772
16586	to	_	_	_	_	16585	_	_	start_char=93773|end_char=93775
16587	bitterness.	_	_	_	_	16586	_	_	start_char=93776|end_char=93787
16588	But	_	_	_	_	16587	_	_	start_char=93788|end_char=93791
16589	I	_	_	_	_	16588	_	_	start_char=93792|end_char=93793
16590	was	_	_	_	_	16589	_	_	start_char=93794|end_char=93797
16591	not	_	_	_	_	16590	_	_	start_char=93798|end_char=93801
16592	the	_	_	_	_	16591	_	_	start_char=93802|end_char=93805
16593	witness	_	_	_	_	16592	_	_	start_char=93806|end_char=93813
16594	of	_	_	_	_	16593	_	_	start_char=93814|end_char=93816
16595	his	_	_	_	_	16594	_	_	start_char=93817|end_char=93820
16596	grief,	_	_	_	_	16595	_	_	start_char=93821|end_char=93827
16597	for	_	_	_	_	16596	_	_	start_char=93828|end_char=93831
16598	I	_	_	_	_	16597	_	_	start_char=93832|end_char=93833
16599	was	_	_	_	_	16598	_	_	start_char=93834|end_char=93837
16600	lifeless	_	_	_	_	16599	_	_	start_char=93838|end_char=93846
16601	and	_	_	_	_	16600	_	_	start_char=93847|end_char=93850
16602	did	_	_	_	_	16601	_	_	start_char=93851|end_char=93854
16603	not	_	_	_	_	16602	_	_	start_char=93855|end_char=93858
16604	recover	_	_	_	_	16603	_	_	start_char=93859|end_char=93866
16605	my	_	_	_	_	16604	_	_	start_char=93867|end_char=93869
16606	senses	_	_	_	_	16605	_	_	start_char=93870|end_char=93876
16607	for	_	_	_	_	16606	_	_	start_char=93877|end_char=93880
16608	a	_	_	_	_	16607	_	_	start_char=93881|end_char=93882
16609	long,	_	_	_	_	16608	_	_	start_char=93883|end_char=93888
16610	long	_	_	_	_	16609	_	_	start_char=93889|end_char=93893
16611	time.	_	_	_	_	16610	_	_	start_char=93894|end_char=93899
16612	This	_	_	_	_	16611	_	_	start_char=93900|end_char=93904
16613	was	_	_	_	_	16612	_	_	start_char=93905|end_char=93908
16614	the	_	_	_	_	16613	_	_	start_char=93909|end_char=93912
16615	commencement	_	_	_	_	16614	_	_	start_char=93913|end_char=93925
16616	of	_	_	_	_	16615	_	_	start_char=93926|end_char=93928
16617	a	_	_	_	_	16616	_	_	start_char=93929|end_char=93930
16618	nervous	_	_	_	_	16617	_	_	start_char=93931|end_char=93938
16619	fever	_	_	_	_	16618	_	_	start_char=93939|end_char=93944
16620	which	_	_	_	_	16619	_	_	start_char=93945|end_char=93950
16621	confined	_	_	_	_	16620	_	_	start_char=93951|end_char=93959
16622	me	_	_	_	_	16621	_	_	start_char=93960|end_char=93962
16623	for	_	_	_	_	16622	_	_	start_char=93963|end_char=93966
16624	several	_	_	_	_	16623	_	_	start_char=93967|end_char=93974
16625	months.	_	_	_	_	16624	_	_	start_char=93975|end_char=93982
16626	During	_	_	_	_	16625	_	_	start_char=93983|end_char=93989
16627	all	_	_	_	_	16626	_	_	start_char=93990|end_char=93993
16628	that	_	_	_	_	16627	_	_	start_char=93994|end_char=93998
16629	time	_	_	_	_	16628	_	_	start_char=93999|end_char=94003
16630	Henry	_	_	_	_	16629	_	_	start_char=94004|end_char=94009
16631	was	_	_	_	_	16630	_	_	start_char=94010|end_char=94013
16632	my	_	_	_	_	16631	_	_	start_char=94014|end_char=94016
16633	only	_	_	_	_	16632	_	_	start_char=94017|end_char=94021
16634	nurse.	_	_	_	_	16633	_	_	start_char=94022|end_char=94028
16635	I	_	_	_	_	16634	_	_	start_char=94029|end_char=94030
16636	afterwards	_	_	_	_	16635	_	_	start_char=94031|end_char=94041
16637	learned	_	_	_	_	16636	_	_	start_char=94042|end_char=94049
16638	that,	_	_	_	_	16637	_	_	start_char=94050|end_char=94055
16639	knowing	_	_	_	_	16638	_	_	start_char=94056|end_char=94063
16640	my	_	_	_	_	16639	_	_	start_char=94064|end_char=94066
16641	father’s	_	_	_	_	16640	_	_	start_char=94067|end_char=94075
16642	advanced	_	_	_	_	16641	_	_	start_char=94076|end_char=94084
16643	age	_	_	_	_	16642	_	_	start_char=94085|end_char=94088
16644	and	_	_	_	_	16643	_	_	start_char=94089|end_char=94092
16645	unfitness	_	_	_	_	16644	_	_	start_char=94093|end_char=94102
16646	for	_	_	_	_	16645	_	_	start_char=94103|end_char=94106
16647	so	_	_	_	_	16646	_	_	start_char=94107|end_char=94109
16648	long	_	_	_	_	16647	_	_	start_char=94110|end_char=94114
16649	a	_	_	_	_	16648	_	_	start_char=94115|end_char=94116
16650	journey,	_	_	_	_	16649	_	_	start_char=94117|end_char=94125
16651	and	_	_	_	_	16650	_	_	start_char=94126|end_char=94129
16652	how	_	_	_	_	16651	_	_	start_char=94130|end_char=94133
16653	wretched	_	_	_	_	16652	_	_	start_char=94134|end_char=94142
16654	my	_	_	_	_	16653	_	_	start_char=94143|end_char=94145
16655	sickness	_	_	_	_	16654	_	_	start_char=94146|end_char=94154
16656	would	_	_	_	_	16655	_	_	start_char=94155|end_char=94160
16657	make	_	_	_	_	16656	_	_	start_char=94161|end_char=94165
16658	Elizabeth,	_	_	_	_	16657	_	_	start_char=94166|end_char=94176
16659	he	_	_	_	_	16658	_	_	start_char=94177|end_char=94179
16660	spared	_	_	_	_	16659	_	_	start_char=94180|end_char=94186
16661	them	_	_	_	_	16660	_	_	start_char=94187|end_char=94191
16662	this	_	_	_	_	16661	_	_	start_char=94192|end_char=94196
16663	grief	_	_	_	_	16662	_	_	start_char=94197|end_char=94202
16664	by	_	_	_	_	16663	_	_	start_char=94203|end_char=94205
16665	concealing	_	_	_	_	16664	_	_	start_char=94206|end_char=94216
16666	the	_	_	_	_	16665	_	_	start_char=94217|end_char=94220
16667	extent	_	_	_	_	16666	_	_	start_char=94221|end_char=94227
16668	of	_	_	_	_	16667	_	_	start_char=94228|end_char=94230
16669	my	_	_	_	_	16668	_	_	start_char=94231|end_char=94233
16670	disorder.	_	_	_	_	16669	_	_	start_char=94234|end_char=94243
16671	He	_	_	_	_	16670	_	_	start_char=94244|end_char=94246
16672	knew	_	_	_	_	16671	_	_	start_char=94247|end_char=94251
16673	that	_	_	_	_	16672	_	_	start_char=94252|end_char=94256
16674	I	_	_	_	_	16673	_	_	start_char=94257|end_char=94258
16675	could	_	_	_	_	16674	_	_	start_char=94259|end_char=94264
16676	not	_	_	_	_	16675	_	_	start_char=94265|end_char=94268
16677	have	_	_	_	_	16676	_	_	start_char=94269|end_char=94273
16678	a	_	_	_	_	16677	_	_	start_char=94274|end_char=94275
16679	more	_	_	_	_	16678	_	_	start_char=94276|end_char=94280
16680	kind	_	_	_	_	16679	_	_	start_char=94281|end_char=94285
16681	and	_	_	_	_	16680	_	_	start_char=94286|end_char=94289
16682	attentive	_	_	_	_	16681	_	_	start_char=94290|end_char=94299
16683	nurse	_	_	_	_	16682	_	_	start_char=94300|end_char=94305
16684	than	_	_	_	_	16683	_	_	start_char=94306|end_char=94310
16685	himself;	_	_	_	_	16684	_	_	start_char=94311|end_char=94319
16686	and,	_	_	_	_	16685	_	_	start_char=94320|end_char=94324
16687	firm	_	_	_	_	16686	_	_	start_char=94325|end_char=94329
16688	in	_	_	_	_	16687	_	_	start_char=94330|end_char=94332
16689	the	_	_	_	_	16688	_	_	start_char=94333|end_char=94336
16690	hope	_	_	_	_	16689	_	_	start_char=94337|end_char=94341
16691	he	_	_	_	_	16690	_	_	start_char=94342|end_char=94344
16692	felt	_	_	_	_	16691	_	_	start_char=94345|end_char=94349
16693	of	_	_	_	_	16692	_	_	start_char=94350|end_char=94352
16694	my	_	_	_	_	16693	_	_	start_char=94353|end_char=94355
16695	recovery,	_	_	_	_	16694	_	_	start_char=94356|end_char=94365
16696	he	_	_	_	_	16695	_	_	start_char=94366|end_char=94368
16697	did	_	_	_	_	16696	_	_	start_char=94369|end_char=94372
16698	not	_	_	_	_	16697	_	_	start_char=94373|end_char=94376
16699	doubt	_	_	_	_	16698	_	_	start_char=94377|end_char=94382
16700	that,	_	_	_	_	16699	_	_	start_char=94383|end_char=94388
16701	instead	_	_	_	_	16700	_	_	start_char=94389|end_char=94396
16702	of	_	_	_	_	16701	_	_	start_char=94397|end_char=94399
16703	doing	_	_	_	_	16702	_	_	start_char=94400|end_char=94405
16704	harm,	_	_	_	_	16703	_	_	start_char=94406|end_char=94411
16705	he	_	_	_	_	16704	_	_	start_char=94412|end_char=94414
16706	performed	_	_	_	_	16705	_	_	start_char=94415|end_char=94424
16707	the	_	_	_	_	16706	_	_	start_char=94425|end_char=94428
16708	kindest	_	_	_	_	16707	_	_	start_char=94429|end_char=94436
16709	action	_	_	_	_	16708	_	_	start_char=94437|end_char=94443
16710	that	_	_	_	_	16709	_	_	start_char=94444|end_char=94448
16711	he	_	_	_	_	16710	_	_	start_char=94449|end_char=94451
16712	could	_	_	_	_	16711	_	_	start_char=94452|end_char=94457
16713	towards	_	_	_	_	16712	_	_	start_char=94458|end_char=94465
16714	them.	_	_	_	_	16713	_	_	start_char=94466|end_char=94471
16715	But	_	_	_	_	16714	_	_	start_char=94472|end_char=94475
16716	I	_	_	_	_	16715	_	_	start_char=94476|end_char=94477
16717	was	_	_	_	_	16716	_	_	start_char=94478|end_char=94481
16718	in	_	_	_	_	16717	_	_	start_char=94482|end_char=94484
16719	reality	_	_	_	_	16718	_	_	start_char=94485|end_char=94492
16720	very	_	_	_	_	16719	_	_	start_char=94493|end_char=94497
16721	ill,	_	_	_	_	16720	_	_	start_char=94498|end_char=94502
16722	and	_	_	_	_	16721	_	_	start_char=94503|end_char=94506
16723	surely	_	_	_	_	16722	_	_	start_char=94507|end_char=94513
16724	nothing	_	_	_	_	16723	_	_	start_char=94514|end_char=94521
16725	but	_	_	_	_	16724	_	_	start_char=94522|end_char=94525
16726	the	_	_	_	_	16725	_	_	start_char=94526|end_char=94529
16727	unbounded	_	_	_	_	16726	_	_	start_char=94530|end_char=94539
16728	and	_	_	_	_	16727	_	_	start_char=94540|end_char=94543
16729	unremitting	_	_	_	_	16728	_	_	start_char=94544|end_char=94555
16730	attentions	_	_	_	_	16729	_	_	start_char=94556|end_char=94566
16731	of	_	_	_	_	16730	_	_	start_char=94567|end_char=94569
16732	my	_	_	_	_	16731	_	_	start_char=94570|end_char=94572
16733	friend	_	_	_	_	16732	_	_	start_char=94573|end_char=94579
16734	could	_	_	_	_	16733	_	_	start_char=94580|end_char=94585
16735	have	_	_	_	_	16734	_	_	start_char=94586|end_char=94590
16736	restored	_	_	_	_	16735	_	_	start_char=94591|end_char=94599
16737	me	_	_	_	_	16736	_	_	start_char=94600|end_char=94602
16738	to	_	_	_	_	16737	_	_	start_char=94603|end_char=94605
16739	life.	_	_	_	_	16738	_	_	start_char=94606|end_char=94611
16740	The	_	_	_	_	16739	_	_	start_char=94612|end_char=94615
16741	form	_	_	_	_	16740	_	_	start_char=94616|end_char=94620
16742	of	_	_	_	_	16741	_	_	start_char=94621|end_char=94623
16743	the	_	_	_	_	16742	_	_	start_char=94624|end_char=94627
16744	monster	_	_	_	_	16743	_	_	start_char=94628|end_char=94635
16745	on	_	_	_	_	16744	_	_	start_char=94636|end_char=94638
16746	whom	_	_	_	_	16745	_	_	start_char=94639|end_char=94643
16747	I	_	_	_	_	16746	_	_	start_char=94644|end_char=94645
16748	had	_	_	_	_	16747	_	_	start_char=94646|end_char=94649
16749	bestowed	_	_	_	_	16748	_	_	start_char=94650|end_char=94658
16750	existence	_	_	_	_	16749	_	_	start_char=94659|end_char=94668
16751	was	_	_	_	_	16750	_	_	start_char=94669|end_char=94672
16752	for	_	_	_	_	16751	_	_	start_char=94673|end_char=94676
16753	ever	_	_	_	_	16752	_	_	start_char=94677|end_char=94681
16754	before	_	_	_	_	16753	_	_	start_char=94682|end_char=94688
16755	my	_	_	_	_	16754	_	_	start_char=94689|end_char=94691
16756	eyes,	_	_	_	_	16755	_	_	start_char=94692|end_char=94697
16757	and	_	_	_	_	16756	_	_	start_char=94698|end_char=94701
16758	I	_	_	_	_	16757	_	_	start_char=94702|end_char=94703
16759	raved	_	_	_	_	16758	_	_	start_char=94704|end_char=94709
16760	incessantly	_	_	_	_	16759	_	_	start_char=94710|end_char=94721
16761	concerning	_	_	_	_	16760	_	_	start_char=94722|end_char=94732
16762	him.	_	_	_	_	16761	_	_	start_char=94733|end_char=94737
16763	Doubtless	_	_	_	_	16762	_	_	start_char=94738|end_char=94747
16764	my	_	_	_	_	16763	_	_	start_char=94748|end_char=94750
16765	words	_	_	_	_	16764	_	_	start_char=94751|end_char=94756
16766	surprised	_	_	_	_	16765	_	_	start_char=94757|end_char=94766
16767	Henry;	_	_	_	_	16766	_	_	start_char=94767|end_char=94773
16768	he	_	_	_	_	16767	_	_	start_char=94774|end_char=94776
16769	at	_	_	_	_	16768	_	_	start_char=94777|end_char=94779
16770	first	_	_	_	_	16769	_	_	start_char=94780|end_char=94785
16771	believed	_	_	_	_	16770	_	_	start_char=94786|end_char=94794
16772	them	_	_	_	_	16771	_	_	start_char=94795|end_char=94799
16773	to	_	_	_	_	16772	_	_	start_char=94800|end_char=94802
16774	be	_	_	_	_	16773	_	_	start_char=94803|end_char=94805
16775	the	_	_	_	_	16774	_	_	start_char=94806|end_char=94809
16776	wanderings	_	_	_	_	16775	_	_	start_char=94810|end_char=94820
16777	of	_	_	_	_	16776	_	_	start_char=94821|end_char=94823
16778	my	_	_	_	_	16777	_	_	start_char=94824|end_char=94826
16779	disturbed	_	_	_	_	16778	_	_	start_char=94827|end_char=94836
16780	imagination,	_	_	_	_	16779	_	_	start_char=94837|end_char=94849
16781	but	_	_	_	_	16780	_	_	start_char=94850|end_char=94853
16782	the	_	_	_	_	16781	_	_	start_char=94854|end_char=94857
16783	pertinacity	_	_	_	_	16782	_	_	start_char=94858|end_char=94869
16784	with	_	_	_	_	16783	_	_	start_char=94870|end_char=94874
16785	which	_	_	_	_	16784	_	_	start_char=94875|end_char=94880
16786	I	_	_	_	_	16785	_	_	start_char=94881|end_char=94882
16787	continually	_	_	_	_	16786	_	_	start_char=94883|end_char=94894
16788	recurred	_	_	_	_	16787	_	_	start_char=94895|end_char=94903
16789	to	_	_	_	_	16788	_	_	start_char=94904|end_char=94906
16790	the	_	_	_	_	16789	_	_	start_char=94907|end_char=94910
16791	same	_	_	_	_	16790	_	_	start_char=94911|end_char=94915
16792	subject	_	_	_	_	16791	_	_	start_char=94916|end_char=94923
16793	persuaded	_	_	_	_	16792	_	_	start_char=94924|end_char=94933
16794	him	_	_	_	_	16793	_	_	start_char=94934|end_char=94937
16795	that	_	_	_	_	16794	_	_	start_char=94938|end_char=94942
16796	my	_	_	_	_	16795	_	_	start_char=94943|end_char=94945
16797	disorder	_	_	_	_	16796	_	_	start_char=94946|end_char=94954
16798	indeed	_	_	_	_	16797	_	_	start_char=94955|end_char=94961
16799	owed	_	_	_	_	16798	_	_	start_char=94962|end_char=94966
16800	its	_	_	_	_	16799	_	_	start_char=94967|end_char=94970
16801	origin	_	_	_	_	16800	_	_	start_char=94971|end_char=94977
16802	to	_	_	_	_	16801	_	_	start_char=94978|end_char=94980
16803	some	_	_	_	_	16802	_	_	start_char=94981|end_char=94985
16804	uncommon	_	_	_	_	16803	_	_	start_char=94986|end_char=94994
16805	and	_	_	_	_	16804	_	_	start_char=94995|end_char=94998
16806	terrible	_	_	_	_	16805	_	_	start_char=94999|end_char=95007
16807	event.	_	_	_	_	16806	_	_	start_char=95008|end_char=95014
16808	By	_	_	_	_	16807	_	_	start_char=95015|end_char=95017
16809	very	_	_	_	_	16808	_	_	start_char=95018|end_char=95022
16810	slow	_	_	_	_	16809	_	_	start_char=95023|end_char=95027
16811	degrees,	_	_	_	_	16810	_	_	start_char=95028|end_char=95036
16812	and	_	_	_	_	16811	_	_	start_char=95037|end_char=95040
16813	with	_	_	_	_	16812	_	_	start_char=95041|end_char=95045
16814	frequent	_	_	_	_	16813	_	_	start_char=95046|end_char=95054
16815	relapses	_	_	_	_	16814	_	_	start_char=95055|end_char=95063
16816	that	_	_	_	_	16815	_	_	start_char=95064|end_char=95068
16817	alarmed	_	_	_	_	16816	_	_	start_char=95069|end_char=95076
16818	and	_	_	_	_	16817	_	_	start_char=95077|end_char=95080
16819	grieved	_	_	_	_	16818	_	_	start_char=95081|end_char=95088
16820	my	_	_	_	_	16819	_	_	start_char=95089|end_char=95091
16821	friend,	_	_	_	_	16820	_	_	start_char=95092|end_char=95099
16822	I	_	_	_	_	16821	_	_	start_char=95100|end_char=95101
16823	recovered.	_	_	_	_	16822	_	_	start_char=95102|end_char=95112
16824	I	_	_	_	_	16823	_	_	start_char=95113|end_char=95114
16825	remember	_	_	_	_	16824	_	_	start_char=95115|end_char=95123
16826	the	_	_	_	_	16825	_	_	start_char=95124|end_char=95127
16827	first	_	_	_	_	16826	_	_	start_char=95128|end_char=95133
16828	time	_	_	_	_	16827	_	_	start_char=95134|end_char=95138
16829	I	_	_	_	_	16828	_	_	start_char=95139|end_char=95140
16830	became	_	_	_	_	16829	_	_	start_char=95141|end_char=95147
16831	capable	_	_	_	_	16830	_	_	start_char=95148|end_char=95155
16832	of	_	_	_	_	16831	_	_	start_char=95156|end_char=95158
16833	observing	_	_	_	_	16832	_	_	start_char=95159|end_char=95168
16834	outward	_	_	_	_	16833	_	_	start_char=95169|end_char=95176
16835	objects	_	_	_	_	16834	_	_	start_char=95177|end_char=95184
16836	with	_	_	_	_	16835	_	_	start_char=95185|end_char=95189
16837	any	_	_	_	_	16836	_	_	start_char=95190|end_char=95193
16838	kind	_	_	_	_	16837	_	_	start_char=95194|end_char=95198
16839	of	_	_	_	_	16838	_	_	start_char=95199|end_char=95201
16840	pleasure,	_	_	_	_	16839	_	_	start_char=95202|end_char=95211
16841	I	_	_	_	_	16840	_	_	start_char=95212|end_char=95213
16842	perceived	_	_	_	_	16841	_	_	start_char=95214|end_char=95223
16843	that	_	_	_	_	16842	_	_	start_char=95224|end_char=95228
16844	the	_	_	_	_	16843	_	_	start_char=95229|end_char=95232
16845	fallen	_	_	_	_	16844	_	_	start_char=95233|end_char=95239
16846	leaves	_	_	_	_	16845	_	_	start_char=95240|end_char=95246
16847	had	_	_	_	_	16846	_	_	start_char=95247|end_char=95250
16848	disappeared	_	_	_	_	16847	_	_	start_char=95251|end_char=95262
16849	and	_	_	_	_	16848	_	_	start_char=95263|end_char=95266
16850	that	_	_	_	_	16849	_	_	start_char=95267|end_char=95271
16851	the	_	_	_	_	16850	_	_	start_char=95272|end_char=95275
16852	young	_	_	_	_	16851	_	_	start_char=95276|end_char=95281
16853	buds	_	_	_	_	16852	_	_	start_char=95282|end_char=95286
16854	were	_	_	_	_	16853	_	_	start_char=95287|end_char=95291
16855	shooting	_	_	_	_	16854	_	_	start_char=95292|end_char=95300
16856	forth	_	_	_	_	16855	_	_	start_char=95301|end_char=95306
16857	from	_	_	_	_	16856	_	_	start_char=95307|end_char=95311
16858	the	_	_	_	_	16857	_	_	start_char=95312|end_char=95315
16859	trees	_	_	_	_	16858	_	_	start_char=95316|end_char=95321
16860	that	_	_	_	_	16859	_	_	start_char=95322|end_char=95326
16861	shaded	_	_	_	_	16860	_	_	start_char=95327|end_char=95333
16862	my	_	_	_	_	16861	_	_	start_char=95334|end_char=95336
16863	window.	_	_	_	_	16862	_	_	start_char=95337|end_char=95344
16864	It	_	_	_	_	16863	_	_	start_char=95345|end_char=95347
16865	was	_	_	_	_	16864	_	_	start_char=95348|end_char=95351
16866	a	_	_	_	_	16865	_	_	start_char=95352|end_char=95353
16867	divine	_	_	_	_	16866	_	_	start_char=95354|end_char=95360
16868	spring,	_	_	_	_	16867	_	_	start_char=95361|end_char=95368
16869	and	_	_	_	_	16868	_	_	start_char=95369|end_char=95372
16870	the	_	_	_	_	16869	_	_	start_char=95373|end_char=95376
16871	season	_	_	_	_	16870	_	_	start_char=95377|end_char=95383
16872	contributed	_	_	_	_	16871	_	_	start_char=95384|end_char=95395
16873	greatly	_	_	_	_	16872	_	_	start_char=95396|end_char=95403
16874	to	_	_	_	_	16873	_	_	start_char=95404|end_char=95406
16875	my	_	_	_	_	16874	_	_	start_char=95407|end_char=95409
16876	convalescence.	_	_	_	_	16875	_	_	start_char=95410|end_char=95424
16877	I	_	_	_	_	16876	_	_	start_char=95425|end_char=95426
16878	felt	_	_	_	_	16877	_	_	start_char=95427|end_char=95431
16879	also	_	_	_	_	16878	_	_	start_char=95432|end_char=95436
16880	sentiments	_	_	_	_	16879	_	_	start_char=95437|end_char=95447
16881	of	_	_	_	_	16880	_	_	start_char=95448|end_char=95450
16882	joy	_	_	_	_	16881	_	_	start_char=95451|end_char=95454
16883	and	_	_	_	_	16882	_	_	start_char=95455|end_char=95458
16884	affection	_	_	_	_	16883	_	_	start_char=95459|end_char=95468
16885	revive	_	_	_	_	16884	_	_	start_char=95469|end_char=95475
16886	in	_	_	_	_	16885	_	_	start_char=95476|end_char=95478
16887	my	_	_	_	_	16886	_	_	start_char=95479|end_char=95481
16888	bosom;	_	_	_	_	16887	_	_	start_char=95482|end_char=95488
16889	my	_	_	_	_	16888	_	_	start_char=95489|end_char=95491
16890	gloom	_	_	_	_	16889	_	_	start_char=95492|end_char=95497
16891	disappeared,	_	_	_	_	16890	_	_	start_char=95498|end_char=95510
16892	and	_	_	_	_	16891	_	_	start_char=95511|end_char=95514
16893	in	_	_	_	_	16892	_	_	start_char=95515|end_char=95517
16894	a	_	_	_	_	16893	_	_	start_char=95518|end_char=95519
16895	short	_	_	_	_	16894	_	_	start_char=95520|end_char=95525
16896	time	_	_	_	_	16895	_	_	start_char=95526|end_char=95530
16897	I	_	_	_	_	16896	_	_	start_char=95531|end_char=95532
16898	became	_	_	_	_	16897	_	_	start_char=95533|end_char=95539
16899	as	_	_	_	_	16898	_	_	start_char=95540|end_char=95542
16900	cheerful	_	_	_	_	16899	_	_	start_char=95543|end_char=95551
16901	as	_	_	_	_	16900	_	_	start_char=95552|end_char=95554
16902	before	_	_	_	_	16901	_	_	start_char=95555|end_char=95561
16903	I	_	_	_	_	16902	_	_	start_char=95562|end_char=95563
16904	was	_	_	_	_	16903	_	_	start_char=95564|end_char=95567
16905	attacked	_	_	_	_	16904	_	_	start_char=95568|end_char=95576
16906	by	_	_	_	_	16905	_	_	start_char=95577|end_char=95579
16907	the	_	_	_	_	16906	_	_	start_char=95580|end_char=95583
16908	fatal	_	_	_	_	16907	_	_	start_char=95584|end_char=95589
16909	passion.	_	_	_	_	16908	_	_	start_char=95590|end_char=95598
16910	“Dearest	_	_	_	_	16909	_	_	start_char=95599|end_char=95607
16911	Clerval,”	_	_	_	_	16910	_	_	start_char=95608|end_char=95617
16912	exclaimed	_	_	_	_	16911	_	_	start_char=95618|end_char=95627
16913	I,	_	_	_	_	16912	_	_	start_char=95628|end_char=95630
16914	“how	_	_	_	_	16913	_	_	start_char=95631|end_char=95635
16915	kind,	_	_	_	_	16914	_	_	start_char=95636|end_char=95641
16916	how	_	_	_	_	16915	_	_	start_char=95642|end_char=95645
16917	very	_	_	_	_	16916	_	_	start_char=95646|end_char=95650
16918	good	_	_	_	_	16917	_	_	start_char=95651|end_char=95655
16919	you	_	_	_	_	16918	_	_	start_char=95656|end_char=95659
16920	are	_	_	_	_	16919	_	_	start_char=95660|end_char=95663
16921	to	_	_	_	_	16920	_	_	start_char=95664|end_char=95666
16922	me.	_	_	_	_	16921	_	_	start_char=95667|end_char=95670
16923	This	_	_	_	_	16922	_	_	start_char=95671|end_char=95675
16924	whole	_	_	_	_	16923	_	_	start_char=95676|end_char=95681
16925	winter,	_	_	_	_	16924	_	_	start_char=95682|end_char=95689
16926	instead	_	_	_	_	16925	_	_	start_char=95690|end_char=95697
16927	of	_	_	_	_	16926	_	_	start_char=95698|end_char=95700
16928	being	_	_	_	_	16927	_	_	start_char=95701|end_char=95706
16929	spent	_	_	_	_	16928	_	_	start_char=95707|end_char=95712
16930	in	_	_	_	_	16929	_	_	start_char=95713|end_char=95715
16931	study,	_	_	_	_	16930	_	_	start_char=95716|end_char=95722
16932	as	_	_	_	_	16931	_	_	start_char=95723|end_char=95725
16933	you	_	_	_	_	16932	_	_	start_char=95726|end_char=95729
16934	promised	_	_	_	_	16933	_	_	start_char=95730|end_char=95738
16935	yourself,	_	_	_	_	16934	_	_	start_char=95739|end_char=95748
16936	has	_	_	_	_	16935	_	_	start_char=95749|end_char=95752
16937	been	_	_	_	_	16936	_	_	start_char=95753|end_char=95757
16938	consumed	_	_	_	_	16937	_	_	start_char=95758|end_char=95766
16939	in	_	_	_	_	16938	_	_	start_char=95767|end_char=95769
16940	my	_	_	_	_	16939	_	_	start_char=95770|end_char=95772
16941	sick	_	_	_	_	16940	_	_	start_char=95773|end_char=95777
16942	room.	_	_	_	_	16941	_	_	start_char=95778|end_char=95783
16943	How	_	_	_	_	16942	_	_	start_char=95784|end_char=95787
16944	shall	_	_	_	_	16943	_	_	start_char=95788|end_char=95793
16945	I	_	_	_	_	16944	_	_	start_char=95794|end_char=95795
16946	ever	_	_	_	_	16945	_	_	start_char=95796|end_char=95800
16947	repay	_	_	_	_	16946	_	_	start_char=95801|end_char=95806
16948	you?	_	_	_	_	16947	_	_	start_char=95807|end_char=95811
16949	I	_	_	_	_	16948	_	_	start_char=95812|end_char=95813
16950	feel	_	_	_	_	16949	_	_	start_char=95814|end_char=95818
16951	the	_	_	_	_	16950	_	_	start_char=95819|end_char=95822
16952	greatest	_	_	_	_	16951	_	_	start_char=95823|end_char=95831
16953	remorse	_	_	_	_	16952	_	_	start_char=95832|end_char=95839
16954	for	_	_	_	_	16953	_	_	start_char=95840|end_char=95843
16955	the	_	_	_	_	16954	_	_	start_char=95844|end_char=95847
16956	disappointment	_	_	_	_	16955	_	_	start_char=95848|end_char=95862
16957	of	_	_	_	_	16956	_	_	start_char=95863|end_char=95865
16958	which	_	_	_	_	16957	_	_	start_char=95866|end_char=95871
16959	I	_	_	_	_	16958	_	_	start_char=95872|end_char=95873
16960	have	_	_	_	_	16959	_	_	start_char=95874|end_char=95878
16961	been	_	_	_	_	16960	_	_	start_char=95879|end_char=95883
16962	the	_	_	_	_	16961	_	_	start_char=95884|end_char=95887
16963	occasion,	_	_	_	_	16962	_	_	start_char=95888|end_char=95897
16964	but	_	_	_	_	16963	_	_	start_char=95898|end_char=95901
16965	you	_	_	_	_	16964	_	_	start_char=95902|end_char=95905
16966	will	_	_	_	_	16965	_	_	start_char=95906|end_char=95910
16967	forgive	_	_	_	_	16966	_	_	start_char=95911|end_char=95918
16968	me.”	_	_	_	_	16967	_	_	start_char=95919|end_char=95923
16969	“You	_	_	_	_	16968	_	_	start_char=95924|end_char=95928
16970	will	_	_	_	_	16969	_	_	start_char=95929|end_char=95933
16971	repay	_	_	_	_	16970	_	_	start_char=95934|end_char=95939
16972	me	_	_	_	_	16971	_	_	start_char=95940|end_char=95942
16973	entirely	_	_	_	_	16972	_	_	start_char=95943|end_char=95951
16974	if	_	_	_	_	16973	_	_	start_char=95952|end_char=95954
16975	you	_	_	_	_	16974	_	_	start_char=95955|end_char=95958
16976	do	_	_	_	_	16975	_	_	start_char=95959|end_char=95961
16977	not	_	_	_	_	16976	_	_	start_char=95962|end_char=95965
16978	discompose	_	_	_	_	16977	_	_	start_char=95966|end_char=95976
16979	yourself,	_	_	_	_	16978	_	_	start_char=95977|end_char=95986
16980	but	_	_	_	_	16979	_	_	start_char=95987|end_char=95990
16981	get	_	_	_	_	16980	_	_	start_char=95991|end_char=95994
16982	well	_	_	_	_	16981	_	_	start_char=95995|end_char=95999
16983	as	_	_	_	_	16982	_	_	start_char=96000|end_char=96002
16984	fast	_	_	_	_	16983	_	_	start_char=96003|end_char=96007
16985	as	_	_	_	_	16984	_	_	start_char=96008|end_char=96010
16986	you	_	_	_	_	16985	_	_	start_char=96011|end_char=96014
16987	can;	_	_	_	_	16986	_	_	start_char=96015|end_char=96019
16988	and	_	_	_	_	16987	_	_	start_char=96020|end_char=96023
16989	since	_	_	_	_	16988	_	_	start_char=96024|end_char=96029
16990	you	_	_	_	_	16989	_	_	start_char=96030|end_char=96033
16991	appear	_	_	_	_	16990	_	_	start_char=96034|end_char=96040
16992	in	_	_	_	_	16991	_	_	start_char=96041|end_char=96043
16993	such	_	_	_	_	16992	_	_	start_char=96044|end_char=96048
16994	good	_	_	_	_	16993	_	_	start_char=96049|end_char=96053
16995	spirits,	_	_	_	_	16994	_	_	start_char=96054|end_char=96062
16996	I	_	_	_	_	16995	_	_	start_char=96063|end_char=96064
16997	may	_	_	_	_	16996	_	_	start_char=96065|end_char=96068
16998	speak	_	_	_	_	16997	_	_	start_char=96069|end_char=96074
16999	to	_	_	_	_	16998	_	_	start_char=96075|end_char=96077
17000	you	_	_	_	_	16999	_	_	start_char=96078|end_char=96081
17001	on	_	_	_	_	17000	_	_	start_char=96082|end_char=96084
17002	one	_	_	_	_	17001	_	_	start_char=96085|end_char=96088
17003	subject,	_	_	_	_	17002	_	_	start_char=96089|end_char=96097
17004	may	_	_	_	_	17003	_	_	start_char=96098|end_char=96101
17005	I	_	_	_	_	17004	_	_	start_char=96102|end_char=96103
17006	not?”	_	_	_	_	17005	_	_	start_char=96104|end_char=96109
17007	I	_	_	_	_	17006	_	_	start_char=96110|end_char=96111
17008	trembled.	_	_	_	_	17007	_	_	start_char=96112|end_char=96121
17009	One	_	_	_	_	17008	_	_	start_char=96122|end_char=96125
17010	subject!	_	_	_	_	17009	_	_	start_char=96126|end_char=96134
17011	What	_	_	_	_	17010	_	_	start_char=96135|end_char=96139
17012	could	_	_	_	_	17011	_	_	start_char=96140|end_char=96145
17013	it	_	_	_	_	17012	_	_	start_char=96146|end_char=96148
17014	be?	_	_	_	_	17013	_	_	start_char=96149|end_char=96152
17015	Could	_	_	_	_	17014	_	_	start_char=96153|end_char=96158
17016	he	_	_	_	_	17015	_	_	start_char=96159|end_char=96161
17017	allude	_	_	_	_	17016	_	_	start_char=96162|end_char=96168
17018	to	_	_	_	_	17017	_	_	start_char=96169|end_char=96171
17019	an	_	_	_	_	17018	_	_	start_char=96172|end_char=96174
17020	object	_	_	_	_	17019	_	_	start_char=96175|end_char=96181
17021	on	_	_	_	_	17020	_	_	start_char=96182|end_char=96184
17022	whom	_	_	_	_	17021	_	_	start_char=96185|end_char=96189
17023	I	_	_	_	_	17022	_	_	start_char=96190|end_char=96191
17024	dared	_	_	_	_	17023	_	_	start_char=96192|end_char=96197
17025	not	_	_	_	_	17024	_	_	start_char=96198|end_char=96201
17026	even	_	_	_	_	17025	_	_	start_char=96202|end_char=96206
17027	think?	_	_	_	_	17026	_	_	start_char=96207|end_char=96213
17028	“Compose	_	_	_	_	17027	_	_	start_char=96214|end_char=96222
17029	yourself,”	_	_	_	_	17028	_	_	start_char=96223|end_char=96233
17030	said	_	_	_	_	17029	_	_	start_char=96234|end_char=96238
17031	Clerval,	_	_	_	_	17030	_	_	start_char=96239|end_char=96247
17032	who	_	_	_	_	17031	_	_	start_char=96248|end_char=96251
17033	observed	_	_	_	_	17032	_	_	start_char=96252|end_char=96260
17034	my	_	_	_	_	17033	_	_	start_char=96261|end_char=96263
17035	change	_	_	_	_	17034	_	_	start_char=96264|end_char=96270
17036	of	_	_	_	_	17035	_	_	start_char=96271|end_char=96273
17037	colour,	_	_	_	_	17036	_	_	start_char=96274|end_char=96281
17038	“I	_	_	_	_	17037	_	_	start_char=96282|end_char=96284
17039	will	_	_	_	_	17038	_	_	start_char=96285|end_char=96289
17040	not	_	_	_	_	17039	_	_	start_char=96290|end_char=96293
17041	mention	_	_	_	_	17040	_	_	start_char=96294|end_char=96301
17042	it	_	_	_	_	17041	_	_	start_char=96302|end_char=96304
17043	if	_	_	_	_	17042	_	_	start_char=96305|end_char=96307
17044	it	_	_	_	_	17043	_	_	start_char=96308|end_char=96310
17045	agitates	_	_	_	_	17044	_	_	start_char=96311|end_char=96319
17046	you;	_	_	_	_	17045	_	_	start_char=96320|end_char=96324
17047	but	_	_	_	_	17046	_	_	start_char=96325|end_char=96328
17048	your	_	_	_	_	17047	_	_	start_char=96329|end_char=96333
17049	father	_	_	_	_	17048	_	_	start_char=96334|end_char=96340
17050	and	_	_	_	_	17049	_	_	start_char=96341|end_char=96344
17051	cousin	_	_	_	_	17050	_	_	start_char=96345|end_char=96351
17052	would	_	_	_	_	17051	_	_	start_char=96352|end_char=96357
17053	be	_	_	_	_	17052	_	_	start_char=96358|end_char=96360
17054	very	_	_	_	_	17053	_	_	start_char=96361|end_char=96365
17055	happy	_	_	_	_	17054	_	_	start_char=96366|end_char=96371
17056	if	_	_	_	_	17055	_	_	start_char=96372|end_char=96374
17057	they	_	_	_	_	17056	_	_	start_char=96375|end_char=96379
17058	received	_	_	_	_	17057	_	_	start_char=96380|end_char=96388
17059	a	_	_	_	_	17058	_	_	start_char=96389|end_char=96390
17060	letter	_	_	_	_	17059	_	_	start_char=96391|end_char=96397
17061	from	_	_	_	_	17060	_	_	start_char=96398|end_char=96402
17062	you	_	_	_	_	17061	_	_	start_char=96403|end_char=96406
17063	in	_	_	_	_	17062	_	_	start_char=96407|end_char=96409
17064	your	_	_	_	_	17063	_	_	start_char=96410|end_char=96414
17065	own	_	_	_	_	17064	_	_	start_char=96415|end_char=96418
17066	handwriting.	_	_	_	_	17065	_	_	start_char=96419|end_char=96431
17067	They	_	_	_	_	17066	_	_	start_char=96432|end_char=96436
17068	hardly	_	_	_	_	17067	_	_	start_char=96437|end_char=96443
17069	know	_	_	_	_	17068	_	_	start_char=96444|end_char=96448
17070	how	_	_	_	_	17069	_	_	start_char=96449|end_char=96452
17071	ill	_	_	_	_	17070	_	_	start_char=96453|end_char=96456
17072	you	_	_	_	_	17071	_	_	start_char=96457|end_char=96460
17073	have	_	_	_	_	17072	_	_	start_char=96461|end_char=96465
17074	been	_	_	_	_	17073	_	_	start_char=96466|end_char=96470
17075	and	_	_	_	_	17074	_	_	start_char=96471|end_char=96474
17076	are	_	_	_	_	17075	_	_	start_char=96475|end_char=96478
17077	uneasy	_	_	_	_	17076	_	_	start_char=96479|end_char=96485
17078	at	_	_	_	_	17077	_	_	start_char=96486|end_char=96488
17079	your	_	_	_	_	17078	_	_	start_char=96489|end_char=96493
17080	long	_	_	_	_	17079	_	_	start_char=96494|end_char=96498
17081	silence.”	_	_	_	_	17080	_	_	start_char=96499|end_char=96508
17082	“Is	_	_	_	_	17081	_	_	start_char=96509|end_char=96512
17083	that	_	_	_	_	17082	_	_	start_char=96513|end_char=96517
17084	all,	_	_	_	_	17083	_	_	start_char=96518|end_char=96522
17085	my	_	_	_	_	17084	_	_	start_char=96523|end_char=96525
17086	dear	_	_	_	_	17085	_	_	start_char=96526|end_char=96530
17087	Henry?	_	_	_	_	17086	_	_	start_char=96531|end_char=96537
17088	How	_	_	_	_	17087	_	_	start_char=96538|end_char=96541
17089	could	_	_	_	_	17088	_	_	start_char=96542|end_char=96547
17090	you	_	_	_	_	17089	_	_	start_char=96548|end_char=96551
17091	suppose	_	_	_	_	17090	_	_	start_char=96552|end_char=96559
17092	that	_	_	_	_	17091	_	_	start_char=96560|end_char=96564
17093	my	_	_	_	_	17092	_	_	start_char=96565|end_char=96567
17094	first	_	_	_	_	17093	_	_	start_char=96568|end_char=96573
17095	thought	_	_	_	_	17094	_	_	start_char=96574|end_char=96581
17096	would	_	_	_	_	17095	_	_	start_char=96582|end_char=96587
17097	not	_	_	_	_	17096	_	_	start_char=96588|end_char=96591
17098	fly	_	_	_	_	17097	_	_	start_char=96592|end_char=96595
17099	towards	_	_	_	_	17098	_	_	start_char=96596|end_char=96603
17100	those	_	_	_	_	17099	_	_	start_char=96604|end_char=96609
17101	dear,	_	_	_	_	17100	_	_	start_char=96610|end_char=96615
17102	dear	_	_	_	_	17101	_	_	start_char=96616|end_char=96620
17103	friends	_	_	_	_	17102	_	_	start_char=96621|end_char=96628
17104	whom	_	_	_	_	17103	_	_	start_char=96629|end_char=96633
17105	I	_	_	_	_	17104	_	_	start_char=96634|end_char=96635
17106	love	_	_	_	_	17105	_	_	start_char=96636|end_char=96640
17107	and	_	_	_	_	17106	_	_	start_char=96641|end_char=96644
17108	who	_	_	_	_	17107	_	_	start_char=96645|end_char=96648
17109	are	_	_	_	_	17108	_	_	start_char=96649|end_char=96652
17110	so	_	_	_	_	17109	_	_	start_char=96653|end_char=96655
17111	deserving	_	_	_	_	17110	_	_	start_char=96656|end_char=96665
17112	of	_	_	_	_	17111	_	_	start_char=96666|end_char=96668
17113	my	_	_	_	_	17112	_	_	start_char=96669|end_char=96671
17114	love?”	_	_	_	_	17113	_	_	start_char=96672|end_char=96678
17115	“If	_	_	_	_	17114	_	_	start_char=96679|end_char=96682
17116	this	_	_	_	_	17115	_	_	start_char=96683|end_char=96687
17117	is	_	_	_	_	17116	_	_	start_char=96688|end_char=96690
17118	your	_	_	_	_	17117	_	_	start_char=96691|end_char=96695
17119	present	_	_	_	_	17118	_	_	start_char=96696|end_char=96703
17120	temper,	_	_	_	_	17119	_	_	start_char=96704|end_char=96711
17121	my	_	_	_	_	17120	_	_	start_char=96712|end_char=96714
17122	friend,	_	_	_	_	17121	_	_	start_char=96715|end_char=96722
17123	you	_	_	_	_	17122	_	_	start_char=96723|end_char=96726
17124	will	_	_	_	_	17123	_	_	start_char=96727|end_char=96731
17125	perhaps	_	_	_	_	17124	_	_	start_char=96732|end_char=96739
17126	be	_	_	_	_	17125	_	_	start_char=96740|end_char=96742
17127	glad	_	_	_	_	17126	_	_	start_char=96743|end_char=96747
17128	to	_	_	_	_	17127	_	_	start_char=96748|end_char=96750
17129	see	_	_	_	_	17128	_	_	start_char=96751|end_char=96754
17130	a	_	_	_	_	17129	_	_	start_char=96755|end_char=96756
17131	letter	_	_	_	_	17130	_	_	start_char=96757|end_char=96763
17132	that	_	_	_	_	17131	_	_	start_char=96764|end_char=96768
17133	has	_	_	_	_	17132	_	_	start_char=96769|end_char=96772
17134	been	_	_	_	_	17133	_	_	start_char=96773|end_char=96777
17135	lying	_	_	_	_	17134	_	_	start_char=96778|end_char=96783
17136	here	_	_	_	_	17135	_	_	start_char=96784|end_char=96788
17137	some	_	_	_	_	17136	_	_	start_char=96789|end_char=96793
17138	days	_	_	_	_	17137	_	_	start_char=96794|end_char=96798
17139	for	_	_	_	_	17138	_	_	start_char=96799|end_char=96802
17140	you;	_	_	_	_	17139	_	_	start_char=96803|end_char=96807
17141	it	_	_	_	_	17140	_	_	start_char=96808|end_char=96810
17142	is	_	_	_	_	17141	_	_	start_char=96811|end_char=96813
17143	from	_	_	_	_	17142	_	_	start_char=96814|end_char=96818
17144	your	_	_	_	_	17143	_	_	start_char=96819|end_char=96823
17145	cousin,	_	_	_	_	17144	_	_	start_char=96824|end_char=96831
17146	I	_	_	_	_	17145	_	_	start_char=96832|end_char=96833
17147	believe.”	_	_	_	_	17146	_	_	start_char=96834|end_char=96843
17148	Chapter	_	_	_	_	17147	_	_	start_char=96844|end_char=96851
17149	6	_	_	_	_	17148	_	_	start_char=96852|end_char=96853
17150	Clerval	_	_	_	_	17149	_	_	start_char=96854|end_char=96861
17151	then	_	_	_	_	17150	_	_	start_char=96862|end_char=96866
17152	put	_	_	_	_	17151	_	_	start_char=96867|end_char=96870
17153	the	_	_	_	_	17152	_	_	start_char=96871|end_char=96874
17154	following	_	_	_	_	17153	_	_	start_char=96875|end_char=96884
17155	letter	_	_	_	_	17154	_	_	start_char=96885|end_char=96891
17156	into	_	_	_	_	17155	_	_	start_char=96892|end_char=96896
17157	my	_	_	_	_	17156	_	_	start_char=96897|end_char=96899
17158	hands.	_	_	_	_	17157	_	_	start_char=96900|end_char=96906
17159	It	_	_	_	_	17158	_	_	start_char=96907|end_char=96909
17160	was	_	_	_	_	17159	_	_	start_char=96910|end_char=96913
17161	from	_	_	_	_	17160	_	_	start_char=96914|end_char=96918
17162	my	_	_	_	_	17161	_	_	start_char=96919|end_char=96921
17163	own	_	_	_	_	17162	_	_	start_char=96922|end_char=96925
17164	Elizabeth:	_	_	_	_	17163	_	_	start_char=96926|end_char=96936
17165	“My	_	_	_	_	17164	_	_	start_char=96937|end_char=96940
17166	dearest	_	_	_	_	17165	_	_	start_char=96941|end_char=96948
17167	Cousin,	_	_	_	_	17166	_	_	start_char=96949|end_char=96956
17168	“You	_	_	_	_	17167	_	_	start_char=96957|end_char=96961
17169	have	_	_	_	_	17168	_	_	start_char=96962|end_char=96966
17170	been	_	_	_	_	17169	_	_	start_char=96967|end_char=96971
17171	ill,	_	_	_	_	17170	_	_	start_char=96972|end_char=96976
17172	very	_	_	_	_	17171	_	_	start_char=96977|end_char=96981
17173	ill,	_	_	_	_	17172	_	_	start_char=96982|end_char=96986
17174	and	_	_	_	_	17173	_	_	start_char=96987|end_char=96990
17175	even	_	_	_	_	17174	_	_	start_char=96991|end_char=96995
17176	the	_	_	_	_	17175	_	_	start_char=96996|end_char=96999
17177	constant	_	_	_	_	17176	_	_	start_char=97000|end_char=97008
17178	letters	_	_	_	_	17177	_	_	start_char=97009|end_char=97016
17179	of	_	_	_	_	17178	_	_	start_char=97017|end_char=97019
17180	dear	_	_	_	_	17179	_	_	start_char=97020|end_char=97024
17181	kind	_	_	_	_	17180	_	_	start_char=97025|end_char=97029
17182	Henry	_	_	_	_	17181	_	_	start_char=97030|end_char=97035
17183	are	_	_	_	_	17182	_	_	start_char=97036|end_char=97039
17184	not	_	_	_	_	17183	_	_	start_char=97040|end_char=97043
17185	sufficient	_	_	_	_	17184	_	_	start_char=97044|end_char=97054
17186	to	_	_	_	_	17185	_	_	start_char=97055|end_char=97057
17187	reassure	_	_	_	_	17186	_	_	start_char=97058|end_char=97066
17188	me	_	_	_	_	17187	_	_	start_char=97067|end_char=97069
17189	on	_	_	_	_	17188	_	_	start_char=97070|end_char=97072
17190	your	_	_	_	_	17189	_	_	start_char=97073|end_char=97077
17191	account.	_	_	_	_	17190	_	_	start_char=97078|end_char=97086
17192	You	_	_	_	_	17191	_	_	start_char=97087|end_char=97090
17193	are	_	_	_	_	17192	_	_	start_char=97091|end_char=97094
17194	forbidden	_	_	_	_	17193	_	_	start_char=97095|end_char=97104
17195	to	_	_	_	_	17194	_	_	start_char=97105|end_char=97107
17196	write—to	_	_	_	_	17195	_	_	start_char=97108|end_char=97116
17197	hold	_	_	_	_	17196	_	_	start_char=97117|end_char=97121
17198	a	_	_	_	_	17197	_	_	start_char=97122|end_char=97123
17199	pen;	_	_	_	_	17198	_	_	start_char=97124|end_char=97128
17200	yet	_	_	_	_	17199	_	_	start_char=97129|end_char=97132
17201	one	_	_	_	_	17200	_	_	start_char=97133|end_char=97136
17202	word	_	_	_	_	17201	_	_	start_char=97137|end_char=97141
17203	from	_	_	_	_	17202	_	_	start_char=97142|end_char=97146
17204	you,	_	_	_	_	17203	_	_	start_char=97147|end_char=97151
17205	dear	_	_	_	_	17204	_	_	start_char=97152|end_char=97156
17206	Victor,	_	_	_	_	17205	_	_	start_char=97157|end_char=97164
17207	is	_	_	_	_	17206	_	_	start_char=97165|end_char=97167
17208	necessary	_	_	_	_	17207	_	_	start_char=97168|end_char=97177
17209	to	_	_	_	_	17208	_	_	start_char=97178|end_char=97180
17210	calm	_	_	_	_	17209	_	_	start_char=97181|end_char=97185
17211	our	_	_	_	_	17210	_	_	start_char=97186|end_char=97189
17212	apprehensions.	_	_	_	_	17211	_	_	start_char=97190|end_char=97204
17213	For	_	_	_	_	17212	_	_	start_char=97205|end_char=97208
17214	a	_	_	_	_	17213	_	_	start_char=97209|end_char=97210
17215	long	_	_	_	_	17214	_	_	start_char=97211|end_char=97215
17216	time	_	_	_	_	17215	_	_	start_char=97216|end_char=97220
17217	I	_	_	_	_	17216	_	_	start_char=97221|end_char=97222
17218	have	_	_	_	_	17217	_	_	start_char=97223|end_char=97227
17219	thought	_	_	_	_	17218	_	_	start_char=97228|end_char=97235
17220	that	_	_	_	_	17219	_	_	start_char=97236|end_char=97240
17221	each	_	_	_	_	17220	_	_	start_char=97241|end_char=97245
17222	post	_	_	_	_	17221	_	_	start_char=97246|end_char=97250
17223	would	_	_	_	_	17222	_	_	start_char=97251|end_char=97256
17224	bring	_	_	_	_	17223	_	_	start_char=97257|end_char=97262
17225	this	_	_	_	_	17224	_	_	start_char=97263|end_char=97267
17226	line,	_	_	_	_	17225	_	_	start_char=97268|end_char=97273
17227	and	_	_	_	_	17226	_	_	start_char=97274|end_char=97277
17228	my	_	_	_	_	17227	_	_	start_char=97278|end_char=97280
17229	persuasions	_	_	_	_	17228	_	_	start_char=97281|end_char=97292
17230	have	_	_	_	_	17229	_	_	start_char=97293|end_char=97297
17231	restrained	_	_	_	_	17230	_	_	start_char=97298|end_char=97308
17232	my	_	_	_	_	17231	_	_	start_char=97309|end_char=97311
17233	uncle	_	_	_	_	17232	_	_	start_char=97312|end_char=97317
17234	from	_	_	_	_	17233	_	_	start_char=97318|end_char=97322
17235	undertaking	_	_	_	_	17234	_	_	start_char=97323|end_char=97334
17236	a	_	_	_	_	17235	_	_	start_char=97335|end_char=97336
17237	journey	_	_	_	_	17236	_	_	start_char=97337|end_char=97344
17238	to	_	_	_	_	17237	_	_	start_char=97345|end_char=97347
17239	Ingolstadt.	_	_	_	_	17238	_	_	start_char=97348|end_char=97359
17240	I	_	_	_	_	17239	_	_	start_char=97360|end_char=97361
17241	have	_	_	_	_	17240	_	_	start_char=97362|end_char=97366
17242	prevented	_	_	_	_	17241	_	_	start_char=97367|end_char=97376
17243	his	_	_	_	_	17242	_	_	start_char=97377|end_char=97380
17244	encountering	_	_	_	_	17243	_	_	start_char=97381|end_char=97393
17245	the	_	_	_	_	17244	_	_	start_char=97394|end_char=97397
17246	inconveniences	_	_	_	_	17245	_	_	start_char=97398|end_char=97412
17247	and	_	_	_	_	17246	_	_	start_char=97413|end_char=97416
17248	perhaps	_	_	_	_	17247	_	_	start_char=97417|end_char=97424
17249	dangers	_	_	_	_	17248	_	_	start_char=97425|end_char=97432
17250	of	_	_	_	_	17249	_	_	start_char=97433|end_char=97435
17251	so	_	_	_	_	17250	_	_	start_char=97436|end_char=97438
17252	long	_	_	_	_	17251	_	_	start_char=97439|end_char=97443
17253	a	_	_	_	_	17252	_	_	start_char=97444|end_char=97445
17254	journey,	_	_	_	_	17253	_	_	start_char=97446|end_char=97454
17255	yet	_	_	_	_	17254	_	_	start_char=97455|end_char=97458
17256	how	_	_	_	_	17255	_	_	start_char=97459|end_char=97462
17257	often	_	_	_	_	17256	_	_	start_char=97463|end_char=97468
17258	have	_	_	_	_	17257	_	_	start_char=97469|end_char=97473
17259	I	_	_	_	_	17258	_	_	start_char=97474|end_char=97475
17260	regretted	_	_	_	_	17259	_	_	start_char=97476|end_char=97485
17261	not	_	_	_	_	17260	_	_	start_char=97486|end_char=97489
17262	being	_	_	_	_	17261	_	_	start_char=97490|end_char=97495
17263	able	_	_	_	_	17262	_	_	start_char=97496|end_char=97500
17264	to	_	_	_	_	17263	_	_	start_char=97501|end_char=97503
17265	perform	_	_	_	_	17264	_	_	start_char=97504|end_char=97511
17266	it	_	_	_	_	17265	_	_	start_char=97512|end_char=97514
17267	myself!	_	_	_	_	17266	_	_	start_char=97515|end_char=97522
17268	I	_	_	_	_	17267	_	_	start_char=97523|end_char=97524
17269	figure	_	_	_	_	17268	_	_	start_char=97525|end_char=97531
17270	to	_	_	_	_	17269	_	_	start_char=97532|end_char=97534
17271	myself	_	_	_	_	17270	_	_	start_char=97535|end_char=97541
17272	that	_	_	_	_	17271	_	_	start_char=97542|end_char=97546
17273	the	_	_	_	_	17272	_	_	start_char=97547|end_char=97550
17274	task	_	_	_	_	17273	_	_	start_char=97551|end_char=97555
17275	of	_	_	_	_	17274	_	_	start_char=97556|end_char=97558
17276	attending	_	_	_	_	17275	_	_	start_char=97559|end_char=97568
17277	on	_	_	_	_	17276	_	_	start_char=97569|end_char=97571
17278	your	_	_	_	_	17277	_	_	start_char=97572|end_char=97576
17279	sickbed	_	_	_	_	17278	_	_	start_char=97577|end_char=97584
17280	has	_	_	_	_	17279	_	_	start_char=97585|end_char=97588
17281	devolved	_	_	_	_	17280	_	_	start_char=97589|end_char=97597
17282	on	_	_	_	_	17281	_	_	start_char=97598|end_char=97600
17283	some	_	_	_	_	17282	_	_	start_char=97601|end_char=97605
17284	mercenary	_	_	_	_	17283	_	_	start_char=97606|end_char=97615
17285	old	_	_	_	_	17284	_	_	start_char=97616|end_char=97619
17286	nurse,	_	_	_	_	17285	_	_	start_char=97620|end_char=97626
17287	who	_	_	_	_	17286	_	_	start_char=97627|end_char=97630
17288	could	_	_	_	_	17287	_	_	start_char=97631|end_char=97636
17289	never	_	_	_	_	17288	_	_	start_char=97637|end_char=97642
17290	guess	_	_	_	_	17289	_	_	start_char=97643|end_char=97648
17291	your	_	_	_	_	17290	_	_	start_char=97649|end_char=97653
17292	wishes	_	_	_	_	17291	_	_	start_char=97654|end_char=97660
17293	nor	_	_	_	_	17292	_	_	start_char=97661|end_char=97664
17294	minister	_	_	_	_	17293	_	_	start_char=97665|end_char=97673
17295	to	_	_	_	_	17294	_	_	start_char=97674|end_char=97676
17296	them	_	_	_	_	17295	_	_	start_char=97677|end_char=97681
17297	with	_	_	_	_	17296	_	_	start_char=97682|end_char=97686
17298	the	_	_	_	_	17297	_	_	start_char=97687|end_char=97690
17299	care	_	_	_	_	17298	_	_	start_char=97691|end_char=97695
17300	and	_	_	_	_	17299	_	_	start_char=97696|end_char=97699
17301	affection	_	_	_	_	17300	_	_	start_char=97700|end_char=97709
17302	of	_	_	_	_	17301	_	_	start_char=97710|end_char=97712
17303	your	_	_	_	_	17302	_	_	start_char=97713|end_char=97717
17304	poor	_	_	_	_	17303	_	_	start_char=97718|end_char=97722
17305	cousin.	_	_	_	_	17304	_	_	start_char=97723|end_char=97730
17306	Yet	_	_	_	_	17305	_	_	start_char=97731|end_char=97734
17307	that	_	_	_	_	17306	_	_	start_char=97735|end_char=97739
17308	is	_	_	_	_	17307	_	_	start_char=97740|end_char=97742
17309	over	_	_	_	_	17308	_	_	start_char=97743|end_char=97747
17310	now:	_	_	_	_	17309	_	_	start_char=97748|end_char=97752
17311	Clerval	_	_	_	_	17310	_	_	start_char=97753|end_char=97760
17312	writes	_	_	_	_	17311	_	_	start_char=97761|end_char=97767
17313	that	_	_	_	_	17312	_	_	start_char=97768|end_char=97772
17314	indeed	_	_	_	_	17313	_	_	start_char=97773|end_char=97779
17315	you	_	_	_	_	17314	_	_	start_char=97780|end_char=97783
17316	are	_	_	_	_	17315	_	_	start_char=97784|end_char=97787
17317	getting	_	_	_	_	17316	_	_	start_char=97788|end_char=97795
17318	better.	_	_	_	_	17317	_	_	start_char=97796|end_char=97803
17319	I	_	_	_	_	17318	_	_	start_char=97804|end_char=97805
17320	eagerly	_	_	_	_	17319	_	_	start_char=97806|end_char=97813
17321	hope	_	_	_	_	17320	_	_	start_char=97814|end_char=97818
17322	that	_	_	_	_	17321	_	_	start_char=97819|end_char=97823
17323	you	_	_	_	_	17322	_	_	start_char=97824|end_char=97827
17324	will	_	_	_	_	17323	_	_	start_char=97828|end_char=97832
17325	confirm	_	_	_	_	17324	_	_	start_char=97833|end_char=97840
17326	this	_	_	_	_	17325	_	_	start_char=97841|end_char=97845
17327	intelligence	_	_	_	_	17326	_	_	start_char=97846|end_char=97858
17328	soon	_	_	_	_	17327	_	_	start_char=97859|end_char=97863
17329	in	_	_	_	_	17328	_	_	start_char=97864|end_char=97866
17330	your	_	_	_	_	17329	_	_	start_char=97867|end_char=97871
17331	own	_	_	_	_	17330	_	_	start_char=97872|end_char=97875
17332	handwriting.	_	_	_	_	17331	_	_	start_char=97876|end_char=97888
17333	“Get	_	_	_	_	17332	_	_	start_char=97889|end_char=97893
17334	well—and	_	_	_	_	17333	_	_	start_char=97894|end_char=97902
17335	return	_	_	_	_	17334	_	_	start_char=97903|end_char=97909
17336	to	_	_	_	_	17335	_	_	start_char=97910|end_char=97912
17337	us.	_	_	_	_	17336	_	_	start_char=97913|end_char=97916
17338	You	_	_	_	_	17337	_	_	start_char=97917|end_char=97920
17339	will	_	_	_	_	17338	_	_	start_char=97921|end_char=97925
17340	find	_	_	_	_	17339	_	_	start_char=97926|end_char=97930
17341	a	_	_	_	_	17340	_	_	start_char=97931|end_char=97932
17342	happy,	_	_	_	_	17341	_	_	start_char=97933|end_char=97939
17343	cheerful	_	_	_	_	17342	_	_	start_char=97940|end_char=97948
17344	home	_	_	_	_	17343	_	_	start_char=97949|end_char=97953
17345	and	_	_	_	_	17344	_	_	start_char=97954|end_char=97957
17346	friends	_	_	_	_	17345	_	_	start_char=97958|end_char=97965
17347	who	_	_	_	_	17346	_	_	start_char=97966|end_char=97969
17348	love	_	_	_	_	17347	_	_	start_char=97970|end_char=97974
17349	you	_	_	_	_	17348	_	_	start_char=97975|end_char=97978
17350	dearly.	_	_	_	_	17349	_	_	start_char=97979|end_char=97986
17351	Your	_	_	_	_	17350	_	_	start_char=97987|end_char=97991
17352	father’s	_	_	_	_	17351	_	_	start_char=97992|end_char=98000
17353	health	_	_	_	_	17352	_	_	start_char=98001|end_char=98007
17354	is	_	_	_	_	17353	_	_	start_char=98008|end_char=98010
17355	vigorous,	_	_	_	_	17354	_	_	start_char=98011|end_char=98020
17356	and	_	_	_	_	17355	_	_	start_char=98021|end_char=98024
17357	he	_	_	_	_	17356	_	_	start_char=98025|end_char=98027
17358	asks	_	_	_	_	17357	_	_	start_char=98028|end_char=98032
17359	but	_	_	_	_	17358	_	_	start_char=98033|end_char=98036
17360	to	_	_	_	_	17359	_	_	start_char=98037|end_char=98039
17361	see	_	_	_	_	17360	_	_	start_char=98040|end_char=98043
17362	you,	_	_	_	_	17361	_	_	start_char=98044|end_char=98048
17363	but	_	_	_	_	17362	_	_	start_char=98049|end_char=98052
17364	to	_	_	_	_	17363	_	_	start_char=98053|end_char=98055
17365	be	_	_	_	_	17364	_	_	start_char=98056|end_char=98058
17366	assured	_	_	_	_	17365	_	_	start_char=98059|end_char=98066
17367	that	_	_	_	_	17366	_	_	start_char=98067|end_char=98071
17368	you	_	_	_	_	17367	_	_	start_char=98072|end_char=98075
17369	are	_	_	_	_	17368	_	_	start_char=98076|end_char=98079
17370	well;	_	_	_	_	17369	_	_	start_char=98080|end_char=98085
17371	and	_	_	_	_	17370	_	_	start_char=98086|end_char=98089
17372	not	_	_	_	_	17371	_	_	start_char=98090|end_char=98093
17373	a	_	_	_	_	17372	_	_	start_char=98094|end_char=98095
17374	care	_	_	_	_	17373	_	_	start_char=98096|end_char=98100
17375	will	_	_	_	_	17374	_	_	start_char=98101|end_char=98105
17376	ever	_	_	_	_	17375	_	_	start_char=98106|end_char=98110
17377	cloud	_	_	_	_	17376	_	_	start_char=98111|end_char=98116
17378	his	_	_	_	_	17377	_	_	start_char=98117|end_char=98120
17379	benevolent	_	_	_	_	17378	_	_	start_char=98121|end_char=98131
17380	countenance.	_	_	_	_	17379	_	_	start_char=98132|end_char=98144
17381	How	_	_	_	_	17380	_	_	start_char=98145|end_char=98148
17382	pleased	_	_	_	_	17381	_	_	start_char=98149|end_char=98156
17383	you	_	_	_	_	17382	_	_	start_char=98157|end_char=98160
17384	would	_	_	_	_	17383	_	_	start_char=98161|end_char=98166
17385	be	_	_	_	_	17384	_	_	start_char=98167|end_char=98169
17386	to	_	_	_	_	17385	_	_	start_char=98170|end_char=98172
17387	remark	_	_	_	_	17386	_	_	start_char=98173|end_char=98179
17388	the	_	_	_	_	17387	_	_	start_char=98180|end_char=98183
17389	improvement	_	_	_	_	17388	_	_	start_char=98184|end_char=98195
17390	of	_	_	_	_	17389	_	_	start_char=98196|end_char=98198
17391	our	_	_	_	_	17390	_	_	start_char=98199|end_char=98202
17392	Ernest!	_	_	_	_	17391	_	_	start_char=98203|end_char=98210
17393	He	_	_	_	_	17392	_	_	start_char=98211|end_char=98213
17394	is	_	_	_	_	17393	_	_	start_char=98214|end_char=98216
17395	now	_	_	_	_	17394	_	_	start_char=98217|end_char=98220
17396	sixteen	_	_	_	_	17395	_	_	start_char=98221|end_char=98228
17397	and	_	_	_	_	17396	_	_	start_char=98229|end_char=98232
17398	full	_	_	_	_	17397	_	_	start_char=98233|end_char=98237
17399	of	_	_	_	_	17398	_	_	start_char=98238|end_char=98240
17400	activity	_	_	_	_	17399	_	_	start_char=98241|end_char=98249
17401	and	_	_	_	_	17400	_	_	start_char=98250|end_char=98253
17402	spirit.	_	_	_	_	17401	_	_	start_char=98254|end_char=98261
17403	He	_	_	_	_	17402	_	_	start_char=98262|end_char=98264
17404	is	_	_	_	_	17403	_	_	start_char=98265|end_char=98267
17405	desirous	_	_	_	_	17404	_	_	start_char=98268|end_char=98276
17406	to	_	_	_	_	17405	_	_	start_char=98277|end_char=98279
17407	be	_	_	_	_	17406	_	_	start_char=98280|end_char=98282
17408	a	_	_	_	_	17407	_	_	start_char=98283|end_char=98284
17409	true	_	_	_	_	17408	_	_	start_char=98285|end_char=98289
17410	Swiss	_	_	_	_	17409	_	_	start_char=98290|end_char=98295
17411	and	_	_	_	_	17410	_	_	start_char=98296|end_char=98299
17412	to	_	_	_	_	17411	_	_	start_char=98300|end_char=98302
17413	enter	_	_	_	_	17412	_	_	start_char=98303|end_char=98308
17414	into	_	_	_	_	17413	_	_	start_char=98309|end_char=98313
17415	foreign	_	_	_	_	17414	_	_	start_char=98314|end_char=98321
17416	service,	_	_	_	_	17415	_	_	start_char=98322|end_char=98330
17417	but	_	_	_	_	17416	_	_	start_char=98331|end_char=98334
17418	we	_	_	_	_	17417	_	_	start_char=98335|end_char=98337
17419	cannot	_	_	_	_	17418	_	_	start_char=98338|end_char=98344
17420	part	_	_	_	_	17419	_	_	start_char=98345|end_char=98349
17421	with	_	_	_	_	17420	_	_	start_char=98350|end_char=98354
17422	him,	_	_	_	_	17421	_	_	start_char=98355|end_char=98359
17423	at	_	_	_	_	17422	_	_	start_char=98360|end_char=98362
17424	least	_	_	_	_	17423	_	_	start_char=98363|end_char=98368
17425	until	_	_	_	_	17424	_	_	start_char=98369|end_char=98374
17426	his	_	_	_	_	17425	_	_	start_char=98375|end_char=98378
17427	elder	_	_	_	_	17426	_	_	start_char=98379|end_char=98384
17428	brother	_	_	_	_	17427	_	_	start_char=98385|end_char=98392
17429	returns	_	_	_	_	17428	_	_	start_char=98393|end_char=98400
17430	to	_	_	_	_	17429	_	_	start_char=98401|end_char=98403
17431	us.	_	_	_	_	17430	_	_	start_char=98404|end_char=98407
17432	My	_	_	_	_	17431	_	_	start_char=98408|end_char=98410
17433	uncle	_	_	_	_	17432	_	_	start_char=98411|end_char=98416
17434	is	_	_	_	_	17433	_	_	start_char=98417|end_char=98419
17435	not	_	_	_	_	17434	_	_	start_char=98420|end_char=98423
17436	pleased	_	_	_	_	17435	_	_	start_char=98424|end_char=98431
17437	with	_	_	_	_	17436	_	_	start_char=98432|end_char=98436
17438	the	_	_	_	_	17437	_	_	start_char=98437|end_char=98440
17439	idea	_	_	_	_	17438	_	_	start_char=98441|end_char=98445
17440	of	_	_	_	_	17439	_	_	start_char=98446|end_char=98448
17441	a	_	_	_	_	17440	_	_	start_char=98449|end_char=98450
17442	military	_	_	_	_	17441	_	_	start_char=98451|end_char=98459
17443	career	_	_	_	_	17442	_	_	start_char=98460|end_char=98466
17444	in	_	_	_	_	17443	_	_	start_char=98467|end_char=98469
17445	a	_	_	_	_	17444	_	_	start_char=98470|end_char=98471
17446	distant	_	_	_	_	17445	_	_	start_char=98472|end_char=98479
17447	country,	_	_	_	_	17446	_	_	start_char=98480|end_char=98488
17448	but	_	_	_	_	17447	_	_	start_char=98489|end_char=98492
17449	Ernest	_	_	_	_	17448	_	_	start_char=98493|end_char=98499
17450	never	_	_	_	_	17449	_	_	start_char=98500|end_char=98505
17451	had	_	_	_	_	17450	_	_	start_char=98506|end_char=98509
17452	your	_	_	_	_	17451	_	_	start_char=98510|end_char=98514
17453	powers	_	_	_	_	17452	_	_	start_char=98515|end_char=98521
17454	of	_	_	_	_	17453	_	_	start_char=98522|end_char=98524
17455	application.	_	_	_	_	17454	_	_	start_char=98525|end_char=98537
17456	He	_	_	_	_	17455	_	_	start_char=98538|end_char=98540
17457	looks	_	_	_	_	17456	_	_	start_char=98541|end_char=98546
17458	upon	_	_	_	_	17457	_	_	start_char=98547|end_char=98551
17459	study	_	_	_	_	17458	_	_	start_char=98552|end_char=98557
17460	as	_	_	_	_	17459	_	_	start_char=98558|end_char=98560
17461	an	_	_	_	_	17460	_	_	start_char=98561|end_char=98563
17462	odious	_	_	_	_	17461	_	_	start_char=98564|end_char=98570
17463	fetter;	_	_	_	_	17462	_	_	start_char=98571|end_char=98578
17464	his	_	_	_	_	17463	_	_	start_char=98579|end_char=98582
17465	time	_	_	_	_	17464	_	_	start_char=98583|end_char=98587
17466	is	_	_	_	_	17465	_	_	start_char=98588|end_char=98590
17467	spent	_	_	_	_	17466	_	_	start_char=98591|end_char=98596
17468	in	_	_	_	_	17467	_	_	start_char=98597|end_char=98599
17469	the	_	_	_	_	17468	_	_	start_char=98600|end_char=98603
17470	open	_	_	_	_	17469	_	_	start_char=98604|end_char=98608
17471	air,	_	_	_	_	17470	_	_	start_char=98609|end_char=98613
17472	climbing	_	_	_	_	17471	_	_	start_char=98614|end_char=98622
17473	the	_	_	_	_	17472	_	_	start_char=98623|end_char=98626
17474	hills	_	_	_	_	17473	_	_	start_char=98627|end_char=98632
17475	or	_	_	_	_	17474	_	_	start_char=98633|end_char=98635
17476	rowing	_	_	_	_	17475	_	_	start_char=98636|end_char=98642
17477	on	_	_	_	_	17476	_	_	start_char=98643|end_char=98645
17478	the	_	_	_	_	17477	_	_	start_char=98646|end_char=98649
17479	lake.	_	_	_	_	17478	_	_	start_char=98650|end_char=98655
17480	I	_	_	_	_	17479	_	_	start_char=98656|end_char=98657
17481	fear	_	_	_	_	17480	_	_	start_char=98658|end_char=98662
17482	that	_	_	_	_	17481	_	_	start_char=98663|end_char=98667
17483	he	_	_	_	_	17482	_	_	start_char=98668|end_char=98670
17484	will	_	_	_	_	17483	_	_	start_char=98671|end_char=98675
17485	become	_	_	_	_	17484	_	_	start_char=98676|end_char=98682
17486	an	_	_	_	_	17485	_	_	start_char=98683|end_char=98685
17487	idler	_	_	_	_	17486	_	_	start_char=98686|end_char=98691
17488	unless	_	_	_	_	17487	_	_	start_char=98692|end_char=98698
17489	we	_	_	_	_	17488	_	_	start_char=98699|end_char=98701
17490	yield	_	_	_	_	17489	_	_	start_char=98702|end_char=98707
17491	the	_	_	_	_	17490	_	_	start_char=98708|end_char=98711
17492	point	_	_	_	_	17491	_	_	start_char=98712|end_char=98717
17493	and	_	_	_	_	17492	_	_	start_char=98718|end_char=98721
17494	permit	_	_	_	_	17493	_	_	start_char=98722|end_char=98728
17495	him	_	_	_	_	17494	_	_	start_char=98729|end_char=98732
17496	to	_	_	_	_	17495	_	_	start_char=98733|end_char=98735
17497	enter	_	_	_	_	17496	_	_	start_char=98736|end_char=98741
17498	on	_	_	_	_	17497	_	_	start_char=98742|end_char=98744
17499	the	_	_	_	_	17498	_	_	start_char=98745|end_char=98748
17500	profession	_	_	_	_	17499	_	_	start_char=98749|end_char=98759
17501	which	_	_	_	_	17500	_	_	start_char=98760|end_char=98765
17502	he	_	_	_	_	17501	_	_	start_char=98766|end_char=98768
17503	has	_	_	_	_	17502	_	_	start_char=98769|end_char=98772
17504	selected.	_	_	_	_	17503	_	_	start_char=98773|end_char=98782
17505	“Little	_	_	_	_	17504	_	_	start_char=98783|end_char=98790
17506	alteration,	_	_	_	_	17505	_	_	start_char=98791|end_char=98802
17507	except	_	_	_	_	17506	_	_	start_char=98803|end_char=98809
17508	the	_	_	_	_	17507	_	_	start_char=98810|end_char=98813
17509	growth	_	_	_	_	17508	_	_	start_char=98814|end_char=98820
17510	of	_	_	_	_	17509	_	_	start_char=98821|end_char=98823
17511	our	_	_	_	_	17510	_	_	start_char=98824|end_char=98827
17512	dear	_	_	_	_	17511	_	_	start_char=98828|end_char=98832
17513	children,	_	_	_	_	17512	_	_	start_char=98833|end_char=98842
17514	has	_	_	_	_	17513	_	_	start_char=98843|end_char=98846
17515	taken	_	_	_	_	17514	_	_	start_char=98847|end_char=98852
17516	place	_	_	_	_	17515	_	_	start_char=98853|end_char=98858
17517	since	_	_	_	_	17516	_	_	start_char=98859|end_char=98864
17518	you	_	_	_	_	17517	_	_	start_char=98865|end_char=98868
17519	left	_	_	_	_	17518	_	_	start_char=98869|end_char=98873
17520	us.	_	_	_	_	17519	_	_	start_char=98874|end_char=98877
17521	The	_	_	_	_	17520	_	_	start_char=98878|end_char=98881
17522	blue	_	_	_	_	17521	_	_	start_char=98882|end_char=98886
17523	lake	_	_	_	_	17522	_	_	start_char=98887|end_char=98891
17524	and	_	_	_	_	17523	_	_	start_char=98892|end_char=98895
17525	snow-clad	_	_	_	_	17524	_	_	start_char=98896|end_char=98905
17526	mountains—they	_	_	_	_	17525	_	_	start_char=98906|end_char=98920
17527	never	_	_	_	_	17526	_	_	start_char=98921|end_char=98926
17528	change;	_	_	_	_	17527	_	_	start_char=98927|end_char=98934
17529	and	_	_	_	_	17528	_	_	start_char=98935|end_char=98938
17530	I	_	_	_	_	17529	_	_	start_char=98939|end_char=98940
17531	think	_	_	_	_	17530	_	_	start_char=98941|end_char=98946
17532	our	_	_	_	_	17531	_	_	start_char=98947|end_char=98950
17533	placid	_	_	_	_	17532	_	_	start_char=98951|end_char=98957
17534	home	_	_	_	_	17533	_	_	start_char=98958|end_char=98962
17535	and	_	_	_	_	17534	_	_	start_char=98963|end_char=98966
17536	our	_	_	_	_	17535	_	_	start_char=98967|end_char=98970
17537	contented	_	_	_	_	17536	_	_	start_char=98971|end_char=98980
17538	hearts	_	_	_	_	17537	_	_	start_char=98981|end_char=98987
17539	are	_	_	_	_	17538	_	_	start_char=98988|end_char=98991
17540	regulated	_	_	_	_	17539	_	_	start_char=98992|end_char=99001
17541	by	_	_	_	_	17540	_	_	start_char=99002|end_char=99004
17542	the	_	_	_	_	17541	_	_	start_char=99005|end_char=99008
17543	same	_	_	_	_	17542	_	_	start_char=99009|end_char=99013
17544	immutable	_	_	_	_	17543	_	_	start_char=99014|end_char=99023
17545	laws.	_	_	_	_	17544	_	_	start_char=99024|end_char=99029
17546	My	_	_	_	_	17545	_	_	start_char=99030|end_char=99032
17547	trifling	_	_	_	_	17546	_	_	start_char=99033|end_char=99041
17548	occupations	_	_	_	_	17547	_	_	start_char=99042|end_char=99053
17549	take	_	_	_	_	17548	_	_	start_char=99054|end_char=99058
17550	up	_	_	_	_	17549	_	_	start_char=99059|end_char=99061
17551	my	_	_	_	_	17550	_	_	start_char=99062|end_char=99064
17552	time	_	_	_	_	17551	_	_	start_char=99065|end_char=99069
17553	and	_	_	_	_	17552	_	_	start_char=99070|end_char=99073
17554	amuse	_	_	_	_	17553	_	_	start_char=99074|end_char=99079
17555	me,	_	_	_	_	17554	_	_	start_char=99080|end_char=99083
17556	and	_	_	_	_	17555	_	_	start_char=99084|end_char=99087
17557	I	_	_	_	_	17556	_	_	start_char=99088|end_char=99089
17558	am	_	_	_	_	17557	_	_	start_char=99090|end_char=99092
17559	rewarded	_	_	_	_	17558	_	_	start_char=99093|end_char=99101
17560	for	_	_	_	_	17559	_	_	start_char=99102|end_char=99105
17561	any	_	_	_	_	17560	_	_	start_char=99106|end_char=99109
17562	exertions	_	_	_	_	17561	_	_	start_char=99110|end_char=99119
17563	by	_	_	_	_	17562	_	_	start_char=99120|end_char=99122
17564	seeing	_	_	_	_	17563	_	_	start_char=99123|end_char=99129
17565	none	_	_	_	_	17564	_	_	start_char=99130|end_char=99134
17566	but	_	_	_	_	17565	_	_	start_char=99135|end_char=99138
17567	happy,	_	_	_	_	17566	_	_	start_char=99139|end_char=99145
17568	kind	_	_	_	_	17567	_	_	start_char=99146|end_char=99150
17569	faces	_	_	_	_	17568	_	_	start_char=99151|end_char=99156
17570	around	_	_	_	_	17569	_	_	start_char=99157|end_char=99163
17571	me.	_	_	_	_	17570	_	_	start_char=99164|end_char=99167
17572	Since	_	_	_	_	17571	_	_	start_char=99168|end_char=99173
17573	you	_	_	_	_	17572	_	_	start_char=99174|end_char=99177
17574	left	_	_	_	_	17573	_	_	start_char=99178|end_char=99182
17575	us,	_	_	_	_	17574	_	_	start_char=99183|end_char=99186
17576	but	_	_	_	_	17575	_	_	start_char=99187|end_char=99190
17577	one	_	_	_	_	17576	_	_	start_char=99191|end_char=99194
17578	change	_	_	_	_	17577	_	_	start_char=99195|end_char=99201
17579	has	_	_	_	_	17578	_	_	start_char=99202|end_char=99205
17580	taken	_	_	_	_	17579	_	_	start_char=99206|end_char=99211
17581	place	_	_	_	_	17580	_	_	start_char=99212|end_char=99217
17582	in	_	_	_	_	17581	_	_	start_char=99218|end_char=99220
17583	our	_	_	_	_	17582	_	_	start_char=99221|end_char=99224
17584	little	_	_	_	_	17583	_	_	start_char=99225|end_char=99231
17585	household.	_	_	_	_	17584	_	_	start_char=99232|end_char=99242
17586	Do	_	_	_	_	17585	_	_	start_char=99243|end_char=99245
17587	you	_	_	_	_	17586	_	_	start_char=99246|end_char=99249
17588	remember	_	_	_	_	17587	_	_	start_char=99250|end_char=99258
17589	on	_	_	_	_	17588	_	_	start_char=99259|end_char=99261
17590	what	_	_	_	_	17589	_	_	start_char=99262|end_char=99266
17591	occasion	_	_	_	_	17590	_	_	start_char=99267|end_char=99275
17592	Justine	_	_	_	_	17591	_	_	start_char=99276|end_char=99283
17593	Moritz	_	_	_	_	17592	_	_	start_char=99284|end_char=99290
17594	entered	_	_	_	_	17593	_	_	start_char=99291|end_char=99298
17595	our	_	_	_	_	17594	_	_	start_char=99299|end_char=99302
17596	family?	_	_	_	_	17595	_	_	start_char=99303|end_char=99310
17597	Probably	_	_	_	_	17596	_	_	start_char=99311|end_char=99319
17598	you	_	_	_	_	17597	_	_	start_char=99320|end_char=99323
17599	do	_	_	_	_	17598	_	_	start_char=99324|end_char=99326
17600	not;	_	_	_	_	17599	_	_	start_char=99327|end_char=99331
17601	I	_	_	_	_	17600	_	_	start_char=99332|end_char=99333
17602	will	_	_	_	_	17601	_	_	start_char=99334|end_char=99338
17603	relate	_	_	_	_	17602	_	_	start_char=99339|end_char=99345
17604	her	_	_	_	_	17603	_	_	start_char=99346|end_char=99349
17605	history,	_	_	_	_	17604	_	_	start_char=99350|end_char=99358
17606	therefore	_	_	_	_	17605	_	_	start_char=99359|end_char=99368
17607	in	_	_	_	_	17606	_	_	start_char=99369|end_char=99371
17608	a	_	_	_	_	17607	_	_	start_char=99372|end_char=99373
17609	few	_	_	_	_	17608	_	_	start_char=99374|end_char=99377
17610	words.	_	_	_	_	17609	_	_	start_char=99378|end_char=99384
17611	Madame	_	_	_	_	17610	_	_	start_char=99385|end_char=99391
17612	Moritz,	_	_	_	_	17611	_	_	start_char=99392|end_char=99399
17613	her	_	_	_	_	17612	_	_	start_char=99400|end_char=99403
17614	mother,	_	_	_	_	17613	_	_	start_char=99404|end_char=99411
17615	was	_	_	_	_	17614	_	_	start_char=99412|end_char=99415
17616	a	_	_	_	_	17615	_	_	start_char=99416|end_char=99417
17617	widow	_	_	_	_	17616	_	_	start_char=99418|end_char=99423
17618	with	_	_	_	_	17617	_	_	start_char=99424|end_char=99428
17619	four	_	_	_	_	17618	_	_	start_char=99429|end_char=99433
17620	children,	_	_	_	_	17619	_	_	start_char=99434|end_char=99443
17621	of	_	_	_	_	17620	_	_	start_char=99444|end_char=99446
17622	whom	_	_	_	_	17621	_	_	start_char=99447|end_char=99451
17623	Justine	_	_	_	_	17622	_	_	start_char=99452|end_char=99459
17624	was	_	_	_	_	17623	_	_	start_char=99460|end_char=99463
17625	the	_	_	_	_	17624	_	_	start_char=99464|end_char=99467
17626	third.	_	_	_	_	17625	_	_	start_char=99468|end_char=99474
17627	This	_	_	_	_	17626	_	_	start_char=99475|end_char=99479
17628	girl	_	_	_	_	17627	_	_	start_char=99480|end_char=99484
17629	had	_	_	_	_	17628	_	_	start_char=99485|end_char=99488
17630	always	_	_	_	_	17629	_	_	start_char=99489|end_char=99495
17631	been	_	_	_	_	17630	_	_	start_char=99496|end_char=99500
17632	the	_	_	_	_	17631	_	_	start_char=99501|end_char=99504
17633	favourite	_	_	_	_	17632	_	_	start_char=99505|end_char=99514
17634	of	_	_	_	_	17633	_	_	start_char=99515|end_char=99517
17635	her	_	_	_	_	17634	_	_	start_char=99518|end_char=99521
17636	father,	_	_	_	_	17635	_	_	start_char=99522|end_char=99529
17637	but	_	_	_	_	17636	_	_	start_char=99530|end_char=99533
17638	through	_	_	_	_	17637	_	_	start_char=99534|end_char=99541
17639	a	_	_	_	_	17638	_	_	start_char=99542|end_char=99543
17640	strange	_	_	_	_	17639	_	_	start_char=99544|end_char=99551
17641	perversity,	_	_	_	_	17640	_	_	start_char=99552|end_char=99563
17642	her	_	_	_	_	17641	_	_	start_char=99564|end_char=99567
17643	mother	_	_	_	_	17642	_	_	start_char=99568|end_char=99574
17644	could	_	_	_	_	17643	_	_	start_char=99575|end_char=99580
17645	not	_	_	_	_	17644	_	_	start_char=99581|end_char=99584
17646	endure	_	_	_	_	17645	_	_	start_char=99585|end_char=99591
17647	her,	_	_	_	_	17646	_	_	start_char=99592|end_char=99596
17648	and	_	_	_	_	17647	_	_	start_char=99597|end_char=99600
17649	after	_	_	_	_	17648	_	_	start_char=99601|end_char=99606
17650	the	_	_	_	_	17649	_	_	start_char=99607|end_char=99610
17651	death	_	_	_	_	17650	_	_	start_char=99611|end_char=99616
17652	of	_	_	_	_	17651	_	_	start_char=99617|end_char=99619
17653	M.	_	_	_	_	17652	_	_	start_char=99620|end_char=99622
17654	Moritz,	_	_	_	_	17653	_	_	start_char=99623|end_char=99630
17655	treated	_	_	_	_	17654	_	_	start_char=99631|end_char=99638
17656	her	_	_	_	_	17655	_	_	start_char=99639|end_char=99642
17657	very	_	_	_	_	17656	_	_	start_char=99643|end_char=99647
17658	ill.	_	_	_	_	17657	_	_	start_char=99648|end_char=99652
17659	My	_	_	_	_	17658	_	_	start_char=99653|end_char=99655
17660	aunt	_	_	_	_	17659	_	_	start_char=99656|end_char=99660
17661	observed	_	_	_	_	17660	_	_	start_char=99661|end_char=99669
17662	this,	_	_	_	_	17661	_	_	start_char=99670|end_char=99675
17663	and	_	_	_	_	17662	_	_	start_char=99676|end_char=99679
17664	when	_	_	_	_	17663	_	_	start_char=99680|end_char=99684
17665	Justine	_	_	_	_	17664	_	_	start_char=99685|end_char=99692
17666	was	_	_	_	_	17665	_	_	start_char=99693|end_char=99696
17667	twelve	_	_	_	_	17666	_	_	start_char=99697|end_char=99703
17668	years	_	_	_	_	17667	_	_	start_char=99704|end_char=99709
17669	of	_	_	_	_	17668	_	_	start_char=99710|end_char=99712
17670	age,	_	_	_	_	17669	_	_	start_char=99713|end_char=99717
17671	prevailed	_	_	_	_	17670	_	_	start_char=99718|end_char=99727
17672	on	_	_	_	_	17671	_	_	start_char=99728|end_char=99730
17673	her	_	_	_	_	17672	_	_	start_char=99731|end_char=99734
17674	mother	_	_	_	_	17673	_	_	start_char=99735|end_char=99741
17675	to	_	_	_	_	17674	_	_	start_char=99742|end_char=99744
17676	allow	_	_	_	_	17675	_	_	start_char=99745|end_char=99750
17677	her	_	_	_	_	17676	_	_	start_char=99751|end_char=99754
17678	to	_	_	_	_	17677	_	_	start_char=99755|end_char=99757
17679	live	_	_	_	_	17678	_	_	start_char=99758|end_char=99762
17680	at	_	_	_	_	17679	_	_	start_char=99763|end_char=99765
17681	our	_	_	_	_	17680	_	_	start_char=99766|end_char=99769
17682	house.	_	_	_	_	17681	_	_	start_char=99770|end_char=99776
17683	The	_	_	_	_	17682	_	_	start_char=99777|end_char=99780
17684	republican	_	_	_	_	17683	_	_	start_char=99781|end_char=99791
17685	institutions	_	_	_	_	17684	_	_	start_char=99792|end_char=99804
17686	of	_	_	_	_	17685	_	_	start_char=99805|end_char=99807
17687	our	_	_	_	_	17686	_	_	start_char=99808|end_char=99811
17688	country	_	_	_	_	17687	_	_	start_char=99812|end_char=99819
17689	have	_	_	_	_	17688	_	_	start_char=99820|end_char=99824
17690	produced	_	_	_	_	17689	_	_	start_char=99825|end_char=99833
17691	simpler	_	_	_	_	17690	_	_	start_char=99834|end_char=99841
17692	and	_	_	_	_	17691	_	_	start_char=99842|end_char=99845
17693	happier	_	_	_	_	17692	_	_	start_char=99846|end_char=99853
17694	manners	_	_	_	_	17693	_	_	start_char=99854|end_char=99861
17695	than	_	_	_	_	17694	_	_	start_char=99862|end_char=99866
17696	those	_	_	_	_	17695	_	_	start_char=99867|end_char=99872
17697	which	_	_	_	_	17696	_	_	start_char=99873|end_char=99878
17698	prevail	_	_	_	_	17697	_	_	start_char=99879|end_char=99886
17699	in	_	_	_	_	17698	_	_	start_char=99887|end_char=99889
17700	the	_	_	_	_	17699	_	_	start_char=99890|end_char=99893
17701	great	_	_	_	_	17700	_	_	start_char=99894|end_char=99899
17702	monarchies	_	_	_	_	17701	_	_	start_char=99900|end_char=99910
17703	that	_	_	_	_	17702	_	_	start_char=99911|end_char=99915
17704	surround	_	_	_	_	17703	_	_	start_char=99916|end_char=99924
17705	it.	_	_	_	_	17704	_	_	start_char=99925|end_char=99928
17706	Hence	_	_	_	_	17705	_	_	start_char=99929|end_char=99934
17707	there	_	_	_	_	17706	_	_	start_char=99935|end_char=99940
17708	is	_	_	_	_	17707	_	_	start_char=99941|end_char=99943
17709	less	_	_	_	_	17708	_	_	start_char=99944|end_char=99948
17710	distinction	_	_	_	_	17709	_	_	start_char=99949|end_char=99960
17711	between	_	_	_	_	17710	_	_	start_char=99961|end_char=99968
17712	the	_	_	_	_	17711	_	_	start_char=99969|end_char=99972
17713	several	_	_	_	_	17712	_	_	start_char=99973|end_char=99980
17714	classes	_	_	_	_	17713	_	_	start_char=99981|end_char=99988
17715	of	_	_	_	_	17714	_	_	start_char=99989|end_char=99991
17716	its	_	_	_	_	17715	_	_	start_char=99992|end_char=99995
17717	inhabitants;	_	_	_	_	17716	_	_	start_char=99996|end_char=100008
17718	and	_	_	_	_	17717	_	_	start_char=100009|end_char=100012
17719	the	_	_	_	_	17718	_	_	start_char=100013|end_char=100016
17720	lower	_	_	_	_	17719	_	_	start_char=100017|end_char=100022
17721	orders,	_	_	_	_	17720	_	_	start_char=100023|end_char=100030
17722	being	_	_	_	_	17721	_	_	start_char=100031|end_char=100036
17723	neither	_	_	_	_	17722	_	_	start_char=100037|end_char=100044
17724	so	_	_	_	_	17723	_	_	start_char=100045|end_char=100047
17725	poor	_	_	_	_	17724	_	_	start_char=100048|end_char=100052
17726	nor	_	_	_	_	17725	_	_	start_char=100053|end_char=100056
17727	so	_	_	_	_	17726	_	_	start_char=100057|end_char=100059
17728	despised,	_	_	_	_	17727	_	_	start_char=100060|end_char=100069
17729	their	_	_	_	_	17728	_	_	start_char=100070|end_char=100075
17730	manners	_	_	_	_	17729	_	_	start_char=100076|end_char=100083
17731	are	_	_	_	_	17730	_	_	start_char=100084|end_char=100087
17732	more	_	_	_	_	17731	_	_	start_char=100088|end_char=100092
17733	refined	_	_	_	_	17732	_	_	start_char=100093|end_char=100100
17734	and	_	_	_	_	17733	_	_	start_char=100101|end_char=100104
17735	moral.	_	_	_	_	17734	_	_	start_char=100105|end_char=100111
17736	A	_	_	_	_	17735	_	_	start_char=100112|end_char=100113
17737	servant	_	_	_	_	17736	_	_	start_char=100114|end_char=100121
17738	in	_	_	_	_	17737	_	_	start_char=100122|end_char=100124
17739	Geneva	_	_	_	_	17738	_	_	start_char=100125|end_char=100131
17740	does	_	_	_	_	17739	_	_	start_char=100132|end_char=100136
17741	not	_	_	_	_	17740	_	_	start_char=100137|end_char=100140
17742	mean	_	_	_	_	17741	_	_	start_char=100141|end_char=100145
17743	the	_	_	_	_	17742	_	_	start_char=100146|end_char=100149
17744	same	_	_	_	_	17743	_	_	start_char=100150|end_char=100154
17745	thing	_	_	_	_	17744	_	_	start_char=100155|end_char=100160
17746	as	_	_	_	_	17745	_	_	start_char=100161|end_char=100163
17747	a	_	_	_	_	17746	_	_	start_char=100164|end_char=100165
17748	servant	_	_	_	_	17747	_	_	start_char=100166|end_char=100173
17749	in	_	_	_	_	17748	_	_	start_char=100174|end_char=100176
17750	France	_	_	_	_	17749	_	_	start_char=100177|end_char=100183
17751	and	_	_	_	_	17750	_	_	start_char=100184|end_char=100187
17752	England.	_	_	_	_	17751	_	_	start_char=100188|end_char=100196
17753	Justine,	_	_	_	_	17752	_	_	start_char=100197|end_char=100205
17754	thus	_	_	_	_	17753	_	_	start_char=100206|end_char=100210
17755	received	_	_	_	_	17754	_	_	start_char=100211|end_char=100219
17756	in	_	_	_	_	17755	_	_	start_char=100220|end_char=100222
17757	our	_	_	_	_	17756	_	_	start_char=100223|end_char=100226
17758	family,	_	_	_	_	17757	_	_	start_char=100227|end_char=100234
17759	learned	_	_	_	_	17758	_	_	start_char=100235|end_char=100242
17760	the	_	_	_	_	17759	_	_	start_char=100243|end_char=100246
17761	duties	_	_	_	_	17760	_	_	start_char=100247|end_char=100253
17762	of	_	_	_	_	17761	_	_	start_char=100254|end_char=100256
17763	a	_	_	_	_	17762	_	_	start_char=100257|end_char=100258
17764	servant,	_	_	_	_	17763	_	_	start_char=100259|end_char=100267
17765	a	_	_	_	_	17764	_	_	start_char=100268|end_char=100269
17766	condition	_	_	_	_	17765	_	_	start_char=100270|end_char=100279
17767	which,	_	_	_	_	17766	_	_	start_char=100280|end_char=100286
17768	in	_	_	_	_	17767	_	_	start_char=100287|end_char=100289
17769	our	_	_	_	_	17768	_	_	start_char=100290|end_char=100293
17770	fortunate	_	_	_	_	17769	_	_	start_char=100294|end_char=100303
17771	country,	_	_	_	_	17770	_	_	start_char=100304|end_char=100312
17772	does	_	_	_	_	17771	_	_	start_char=100313|end_char=100317
17773	not	_	_	_	_	17772	_	_	start_char=100318|end_char=100321
17774	include	_	_	_	_	17773	_	_	start_char=100322|end_char=100329
17775	the	_	_	_	_	17774	_	_	start_char=100330|end_char=100333
17776	idea	_	_	_	_	17775	_	_	start_char=100334|end_char=100338
17777	of	_	_	_	_	17776	_	_	start_char=100339|end_char=100341
17778	ignorance	_	_	_	_	17777	_	_	start_char=100342|end_char=100351
17779	and	_	_	_	_	17778	_	_	start_char=100352|end_char=100355
17780	a	_	_	_	_	17779	_	_	start_char=100356|end_char=100357
17781	sacrifice	_	_	_	_	17780	_	_	start_char=100358|end_char=100367
17782	of	_	_	_	_	17781	_	_	start_char=100368|end_char=100370
17783	the	_	_	_	_	17782	_	_	start_char=100371|end_char=100374
17784	dignity	_	_	_	_	17783	_	_	start_char=100375|end_char=100382
17785	of	_	_	_	_	17784	_	_	start_char=100383|end_char=100385
17786	a	_	_	_	_	17785	_	_	start_char=100386|end_char=100387
17787	human	_	_	_	_	17786	_	_	start_char=100388|end_char=100393
17788	being.	_	_	_	_	17787	_	_	start_char=100394|end_char=100400
17789	“Justine,	_	_	_	_	17788	_	_	start_char=100401|end_char=100410
17790	you	_	_	_	_	17789	_	_	start_char=100411|end_char=100414
17791	may	_	_	_	_	17790	_	_	start_char=100415|end_char=100418
17792	remember,	_	_	_	_	17791	_	_	start_char=100419|end_char=100428
17793	was	_	_	_	_	17792	_	_	start_char=100429|end_char=100432
17794	a	_	_	_	_	17793	_	_	start_char=100433|end_char=100434
17795	great	_	_	_	_	17794	_	_	start_char=100435|end_char=100440
17796	favourite	_	_	_	_	17795	_	_	start_char=100441|end_char=100450
17797	of	_	_	_	_	17796	_	_	start_char=100451|end_char=100453
17798	yours;	_	_	_	_	17797	_	_	start_char=100454|end_char=100460
17799	and	_	_	_	_	17798	_	_	start_char=100461|end_char=100464
17800	I	_	_	_	_	17799	_	_	start_char=100465|end_char=100466
17801	recollect	_	_	_	_	17800	_	_	start_char=100467|end_char=100476
17802	you	_	_	_	_	17801	_	_	start_char=100477|end_char=100480
17803	once	_	_	_	_	17802	_	_	start_char=100481|end_char=100485
17804	remarked	_	_	_	_	17803	_	_	start_char=100486|end_char=100494
17805	that	_	_	_	_	17804	_	_	start_char=100495|end_char=100499
17806	if	_	_	_	_	17805	_	_	start_char=100500|end_char=100502
17807	you	_	_	_	_	17806	_	_	start_char=100503|end_char=100506
17808	were	_	_	_	_	17807	_	_	start_char=100507|end_char=100511
17809	in	_	_	_	_	17808	_	_	start_char=100512|end_char=100514
17810	an	_	_	_	_	17809	_	_	start_char=100515|end_char=100517
17811	ill	_	_	_	_	17810	_	_	start_char=100518|end_char=100521
17812	humour,	_	_	_	_	17811	_	_	start_char=100522|end_char=100529
17813	one	_	_	_	_	17812	_	_	start_char=100530|end_char=100533
17814	glance	_	_	_	_	17813	_	_	start_char=100534|end_char=100540
17815	from	_	_	_	_	17814	_	_	start_char=100541|end_char=100545
17816	Justine	_	_	_	_	17815	_	_	start_char=100546|end_char=100553
17817	could	_	_	_	_	17816	_	_	start_char=100554|end_char=100559
17818	dissipate	_	_	_	_	17817	_	_	start_char=100560|end_char=100569
17819	it,	_	_	_	_	17818	_	_	start_char=100570|end_char=100573
17820	for	_	_	_	_	17819	_	_	start_char=100574|end_char=100577
17821	the	_	_	_	_	17820	_	_	start_char=100578|end_char=100581
17822	same	_	_	_	_	17821	_	_	start_char=100582|end_char=100586
17823	reason	_	_	_	_	17822	_	_	start_char=100587|end_char=100593
17824	that	_	_	_	_	17823	_	_	start_char=100594|end_char=100598
17825	Ariosto	_	_	_	_	17824	_	_	start_char=100599|end_char=100606
17826	gives	_	_	_	_	17825	_	_	start_char=100607|end_char=100612
17827	concerning	_	_	_	_	17826	_	_	start_char=100613|end_char=100623
17828	the	_	_	_	_	17827	_	_	start_char=100624|end_char=100627
17829	beauty	_	_	_	_	17828	_	_	start_char=100628|end_char=100634
17830	of	_	_	_	_	17829	_	_	start_char=100635|end_char=100637
17831	Angelica—she	_	_	_	_	17830	_	_	start_char=100638|end_char=100650
17832	looked	_	_	_	_	17831	_	_	start_char=100651|end_char=100657
17833	so	_	_	_	_	17832	_	_	start_char=100658|end_char=100660
17834	frank-hearted	_	_	_	_	17833	_	_	start_char=100661|end_char=100674
17835	and	_	_	_	_	17834	_	_	start_char=100675|end_char=100678
17836	happy.	_	_	_	_	17835	_	_	start_char=100679|end_char=100685
17837	My	_	_	_	_	17836	_	_	start_char=100686|end_char=100688
17838	aunt	_	_	_	_	17837	_	_	start_char=100689|end_char=100693
17839	conceived	_	_	_	_	17838	_	_	start_char=100694|end_char=100703
17840	a	_	_	_	_	17839	_	_	start_char=100704|end_char=100705
17841	great	_	_	_	_	17840	_	_	start_char=100706|end_char=100711
17842	attachment	_	_	_	_	17841	_	_	start_char=100712|end_char=100722
17843	for	_	_	_	_	17842	_	_	start_char=100723|end_char=100726
17844	her,	_	_	_	_	17843	_	_	start_char=100727|end_char=100731
17845	by	_	_	_	_	17844	_	_	start_char=100732|end_char=100734
17846	which	_	_	_	_	17845	_	_	start_char=100735|end_char=100740
17847	she	_	_	_	_	17846	_	_	start_char=100741|end_char=100744
17848	was	_	_	_	_	17847	_	_	start_char=100745|end_char=100748
17849	induced	_	_	_	_	17848	_	_	start_char=100749|end_char=100756
17850	to	_	_	_	_	17849	_	_	start_char=100757|end_char=100759
17851	give	_	_	_	_	17850	_	_	start_char=100760|end_char=100764
17852	her	_	_	_	_	17851	_	_	start_char=100765|end_char=100768
17853	an	_	_	_	_	17852	_	_	start_char=100769|end_char=100771
17854	education	_	_	_	_	17853	_	_	start_char=100772|end_char=100781
17855	superior	_	_	_	_	17854	_	_	start_char=100782|end_char=100790
17856	to	_	_	_	_	17855	_	_	start_char=100791|end_char=100793
17857	that	_	_	_	_	17856	_	_	start_char=100794|end_char=100798
17858	which	_	_	_	_	17857	_	_	start_char=100799|end_char=100804
17859	she	_	_	_	_	17858	_	_	start_char=100805|end_char=100808
17860	had	_	_	_	_	17859	_	_	start_char=100809|end_char=100812
17861	at	_	_	_	_	17860	_	_	start_char=100813|end_char=100815
17862	first	_	_	_	_	17861	_	_	start_char=100816|end_char=100821
17863	intended.	_	_	_	_	17862	_	_	start_char=100822|end_char=100831
17864	This	_	_	_	_	17863	_	_	start_char=100832|end_char=100836
17865	benefit	_	_	_	_	17864	_	_	start_char=100837|end_char=100844
17866	was	_	_	_	_	17865	_	_	start_char=100845|end_char=100848
17867	fully	_	_	_	_	17866	_	_	start_char=100849|end_char=100854
17868	repaid;	_	_	_	_	17867	_	_	start_char=100855|end_char=100862
17869	Justine	_	_	_	_	17868	_	_	start_char=100863|end_char=100870
17870	was	_	_	_	_	17869	_	_	start_char=100871|end_char=100874
17871	the	_	_	_	_	17870	_	_	start_char=100875|end_char=100878
17872	most	_	_	_	_	17871	_	_	start_char=100879|end_char=100883
17873	grateful	_	_	_	_	17872	_	_	start_char=100884|end_char=100892
17874	little	_	_	_	_	17873	_	_	start_char=100893|end_char=100899
17875	creature	_	_	_	_	17874	_	_	start_char=100900|end_char=100908
17876	in	_	_	_	_	17875	_	_	start_char=100909|end_char=100911
17877	the	_	_	_	_	17876	_	_	start_char=100912|end_char=100915
17878	world:	_	_	_	_	17877	_	_	start_char=100916|end_char=100922
17879	I	_	_	_	_	17878	_	_	start_char=100923|end_char=100924
17880	do	_	_	_	_	17879	_	_	start_char=100925|end_char=100927
17881	not	_	_	_	_	17880	_	_	start_char=100928|end_char=100931
17882	mean	_	_	_	_	17881	_	_	start_char=100932|end_char=100936
17883	that	_	_	_	_	17882	_	_	start_char=100937|end_char=100941
17884	she	_	_	_	_	17883	_	_	start_char=100942|end_char=100945
17885	made	_	_	_	_	17884	_	_	start_char=100946|end_char=100950
17886	any	_	_	_	_	17885	_	_	start_char=100951|end_char=100954
17887	professions	_	_	_	_	17886	_	_	start_char=100955|end_char=100966
17888	I	_	_	_	_	17887	_	_	start_char=100967|end_char=100968
17889	never	_	_	_	_	17888	_	_	start_char=100969|end_char=100974
17890	heard	_	_	_	_	17889	_	_	start_char=100975|end_char=100980
17891	one	_	_	_	_	17890	_	_	start_char=100981|end_char=100984
17892	pass	_	_	_	_	17891	_	_	start_char=100985|end_char=100989
17893	her	_	_	_	_	17892	_	_	start_char=100990|end_char=100993
17894	lips,	_	_	_	_	17893	_	_	start_char=100994|end_char=100999
17895	but	_	_	_	_	17894	_	_	start_char=101000|end_char=101003
17896	you	_	_	_	_	17895	_	_	start_char=101004|end_char=101007
17897	could	_	_	_	_	17896	_	_	start_char=101008|end_char=101013
17898	see	_	_	_	_	17897	_	_	start_char=101014|end_char=101017
17899	by	_	_	_	_	17898	_	_	start_char=101018|end_char=101020
17900	her	_	_	_	_	17899	_	_	start_char=101021|end_char=101024
17901	eyes	_	_	_	_	17900	_	_	start_char=101025|end_char=101029
17902	that	_	_	_	_	17901	_	_	start_char=101030|end_char=101034
17903	she	_	_	_	_	17902	_	_	start_char=101035|end_char=101038
17904	almost	_	_	_	_	17903	_	_	start_char=101039|end_char=101045
17905	adored	_	_	_	_	17904	_	_	start_char=101046|end_char=101052
17906	her	_	_	_	_	17905	_	_	start_char=101053|end_char=101056
17907	protectress.	_	_	_	_	17906	_	_	start_char=101057|end_char=101069
17908	Although	_	_	_	_	17907	_	_	start_char=101070|end_char=101078
17909	her	_	_	_	_	17908	_	_	start_char=101079|end_char=101082
17910	disposition	_	_	_	_	17909	_	_	start_char=101083|end_char=101094
17911	was	_	_	_	_	17910	_	_	start_char=101095|end_char=101098
17912	gay	_	_	_	_	17911	_	_	start_char=101099|end_char=101102
17913	and	_	_	_	_	17912	_	_	start_char=101103|end_char=101106
17914	in	_	_	_	_	17913	_	_	start_char=101107|end_char=101109
17915	many	_	_	_	_	17914	_	_	start_char=101110|end_char=101114
17916	respects	_	_	_	_	17915	_	_	start_char=101115|end_char=101123
17917	inconsiderate,	_	_	_	_	17916	_	_	start_char=101124|end_char=101138
17918	yet	_	_	_	_	17917	_	_	start_char=101139|end_char=101142
17919	she	_	_	_	_	17918	_	_	start_char=101143|end_char=101146
17920	paid	_	_	_	_	17919	_	_	start_char=101147|end_char=101151
17921	the	_	_	_	_	17920	_	_	start_char=101152|end_char=101155
17922	greatest	_	_	_	_	17921	_	_	start_char=101156|end_char=101164
17923	attention	_	_	_	_	17922	_	_	start_char=101165|end_char=101174
17924	to	_	_	_	_	17923	_	_	start_char=101175|end_char=101177
17925	every	_	_	_	_	17924	_	_	start_char=101178|end_char=101183
17926	gesture	_	_	_	_	17925	_	_	start_char=101184|end_char=101191
17927	of	_	_	_	_	17926	_	_	start_char=101192|end_char=101194
17928	my	_	_	_	_	17927	_	_	start_char=101195|end_char=101197
17929	aunt.	_	_	_	_	17928	_	_	start_char=101198|end_char=101203
17930	She	_	_	_	_	17929	_	_	start_char=101204|end_char=101207
17931	thought	_	_	_	_	17930	_	_	start_char=101208|end_char=101215
17932	her	_	_	_	_	17931	_	_	start_char=101216|end_char=101219
17933	the	_	_	_	_	17932	_	_	start_char=101220|end_char=101223
17934	model	_	_	_	_	17933	_	_	start_char=101224|end_char=101229
17935	of	_	_	_	_	17934	_	_	start_char=101230|end_char=101232
17936	all	_	_	_	_	17935	_	_	start_char=101233|end_char=101236
17937	excellence	_	_	_	_	17936	_	_	start_char=101237|end_char=101247
17938	and	_	_	_	_	17937	_	_	start_char=101248|end_char=101251
17939	endeavoured	_	_	_	_	17938	_	_	start_char=101252|end_char=101263
17940	to	_	_	_	_	17939	_	_	start_char=101264|end_char=101266
17941	imitate	_	_	_	_	17940	_	_	start_char=101267|end_char=101274
17942	her	_	_	_	_	17941	_	_	start_char=101275|end_char=101278
17943	phraseology	_	_	_	_	17942	_	_	start_char=101279|end_char=101290
17944	and	_	_	_	_	17943	_	_	start_char=101291|end_char=101294
17945	manners,	_	_	_	_	17944	_	_	start_char=101295|end_char=101303
17946	so	_	_	_	_	17945	_	_	start_char=101304|end_char=101306
17947	that	_	_	_	_	17946	_	_	start_char=101307|end_char=101311
17948	even	_	_	_	_	17947	_	_	start_char=101312|end_char=101316
17949	now	_	_	_	_	17948	_	_	start_char=101317|end_char=101320
17950	she	_	_	_	_	17949	_	_	start_char=101321|end_char=101324
17951	often	_	_	_	_	17950	_	_	start_char=101325|end_char=101330
17952	reminds	_	_	_	_	17951	_	_	start_char=101331|end_char=101338
17953	me	_	_	_	_	17952	_	_	start_char=101339|end_char=101341
17954	of	_	_	_	_	17953	_	_	start_char=101342|end_char=101344
17955	her.	_	_	_	_	17954	_	_	start_char=101345|end_char=101349
17956	“When	_	_	_	_	17955	_	_	start_char=101350|end_char=101355
17957	my	_	_	_	_	17956	_	_	start_char=101356|end_char=101358
17958	dearest	_	_	_	_	17957	_	_	start_char=101359|end_char=101366
17959	aunt	_	_	_	_	17958	_	_	start_char=101367|end_char=101371
17960	died	_	_	_	_	17959	_	_	start_char=101372|end_char=101376
17961	every	_	_	_	_	17960	_	_	start_char=101377|end_char=101382
17962	one	_	_	_	_	17961	_	_	start_char=101383|end_char=101386
17963	was	_	_	_	_	17962	_	_	start_char=101387|end_char=101390
17964	too	_	_	_	_	17963	_	_	start_char=101391|end_char=101394
17965	much	_	_	_	_	17964	_	_	start_char=101395|end_char=101399
17966	occupied	_	_	_	_	17965	_	_	start_char=101400|end_char=101408
17967	in	_	_	_	_	17966	_	_	start_char=101409|end_char=101411
17968	their	_	_	_	_	17967	_	_	start_char=101412|end_char=101417
17969	own	_	_	_	_	17968	_	_	start_char=101418|end_char=101421
17970	grief	_	_	_	_	17969	_	_	start_char=101422|end_char=101427
17971	to	_	_	_	_	17970	_	_	start_char=101428|end_char=101430
17972	notice	_	_	_	_	17971	_	_	start_char=101431|end_char=101437
17973	poor	_	_	_	_	17972	_	_	start_char=101438|end_char=101442
17974	Justine,	_	_	_	_	17973	_	_	start_char=101443|end_char=101451
17975	who	_	_	_	_	17974	_	_	start_char=101452|end_char=101455
17976	had	_	_	_	_	17975	_	_	start_char=101456|end_char=101459
17977	attended	_	_	_	_	17976	_	_	start_char=101460|end_char=101468
17978	her	_	_	_	_	17977	_	_	start_char=101469|end_char=101472
17979	during	_	_	_	_	17978	_	_	start_char=101473|end_char=101479
17980	her	_	_	_	_	17979	_	_	start_char=101480|end_char=101483
17981	illness	_	_	_	_	17980	_	_	start_char=101484|end_char=101491
17982	with	_	_	_	_	17981	_	_	start_char=101492|end_char=101496
17983	the	_	_	_	_	17982	_	_	start_char=101497|end_char=101500
17984	most	_	_	_	_	17983	_	_	start_char=101501|end_char=101505
17985	anxious	_	_	_	_	17984	_	_	start_char=101506|end_char=101513
17986	affection.	_	_	_	_	17985	_	_	start_char=101514|end_char=101524
17987	Poor	_	_	_	_	17986	_	_	start_char=101525|end_char=101529
17988	Justine	_	_	_	_	17987	_	_	start_char=101530|end_char=101537
17989	was	_	_	_	_	17988	_	_	start_char=101538|end_char=101541
17990	very	_	_	_	_	17989	_	_	start_char=101542|end_char=101546
17991	ill;	_	_	_	_	17990	_	_	start_char=101547|end_char=101551
17992	but	_	_	_	_	17991	_	_	start_char=101552|end_char=101555
17993	other	_	_	_	_	17992	_	_	start_char=101556|end_char=101561
17994	trials	_	_	_	_	17993	_	_	start_char=101562|end_char=101568
17995	were	_	_	_	_	17994	_	_	start_char=101569|end_char=101573
17996	reserved	_	_	_	_	17995	_	_	start_char=101574|end_char=101582
17997	for	_	_	_	_	17996	_	_	start_char=101583|end_char=101586
17998	her.	_	_	_	_	17997	_	_	start_char=101587|end_char=101591
17999	“One	_	_	_	_	17998	_	_	start_char=101592|end_char=101596
18000	by	_	_	_	_	17999	_	_	start_char=101597|end_char=101599
18001	one,	_	_	_	_	18000	_	_	start_char=101600|end_char=101604
18002	her	_	_	_	_	18001	_	_	start_char=101605|end_char=101608
18003	brothers	_	_	_	_	18002	_	_	start_char=101609|end_char=101617
18004	and	_	_	_	_	18003	_	_	start_char=101618|end_char=101621
18005	sister	_	_	_	_	18004	_	_	start_char=101622|end_char=101628
18006	died;	_	_	_	_	18005	_	_	start_char=101629|end_char=101634
18007	and	_	_	_	_	18006	_	_	start_char=101635|end_char=101638
18008	her	_	_	_	_	18007	_	_	start_char=101639|end_char=101642
18009	mother,	_	_	_	_	18008	_	_	start_char=101643|end_char=101650
18010	with	_	_	_	_	18009	_	_	start_char=101651|end_char=101655
18011	the	_	_	_	_	18010	_	_	start_char=101656|end_char=101659
18012	exception	_	_	_	_	18011	_	_	start_char=101660|end_char=101669
18013	of	_	_	_	_	18012	_	_	start_char=101670|end_char=101672
18014	her	_	_	_	_	18013	_	_	start_char=101673|end_char=101676
18015	neglected	_	_	_	_	18014	_	_	start_char=101677|end_char=101686
18016	daughter,	_	_	_	_	18015	_	_	start_char=101687|end_char=101696
18017	was	_	_	_	_	18016	_	_	start_char=101697|end_char=101700
18018	left	_	_	_	_	18017	_	_	start_char=101701|end_char=101705
18019	childless.	_	_	_	_	18018	_	_	start_char=101706|end_char=101716
18020	The	_	_	_	_	18019	_	_	start_char=101717|end_char=101720
18021	conscience	_	_	_	_	18020	_	_	start_char=101721|end_char=101731
18022	of	_	_	_	_	18021	_	_	start_char=101732|end_char=101734
18023	the	_	_	_	_	18022	_	_	start_char=101735|end_char=101738
18024	woman	_	_	_	_	18023	_	_	start_char=101739|end_char=101744
18025	was	_	_	_	_	18024	_	_	start_char=101745|end_char=101748
18026	troubled;	_	_	_	_	18025	_	_	start_char=101749|end_char=101758
18027	she	_	_	_	_	18026	_	_	start_char=101759|end_char=101762
18028	began	_	_	_	_	18027	_	_	start_char=101763|end_char=101768
18029	to	_	_	_	_	18028	_	_	start_char=101769|end_char=101771
18030	think	_	_	_	_	18029	_	_	start_char=101772|end_char=101777
18031	that	_	_	_	_	18030	_	_	start_char=101778|end_char=101782
18032	the	_	_	_	_	18031	_	_	start_char=101783|end_char=101786
18033	deaths	_	_	_	_	18032	_	_	start_char=101787|end_char=101793
18034	of	_	_	_	_	18033	_	_	start_char=101794|end_char=101796
18035	her	_	_	_	_	18034	_	_	start_char=101797|end_char=101800
18036	favourites	_	_	_	_	18035	_	_	start_char=101801|end_char=101811
18037	was	_	_	_	_	18036	_	_	start_char=101812|end_char=101815
18038	a	_	_	_	_	18037	_	_	start_char=101816|end_char=101817
18039	judgement	_	_	_	_	18038	_	_	start_char=101818|end_char=101827
18040	from	_	_	_	_	18039	_	_	start_char=101828|end_char=101832
18041	heaven	_	_	_	_	18040	_	_	start_char=101833|end_char=101839
18042	to	_	_	_	_	18041	_	_	start_char=101840|end_char=101842
18043	chastise	_	_	_	_	18042	_	_	start_char=101843|end_char=101851
18044	her	_	_	_	_	18043	_	_	start_char=101852|end_char=101855
18045	partiality.	_	_	_	_	18044	_	_	start_char=101856|end_char=101867
18046	She	_	_	_	_	18045	_	_	start_char=101868|end_char=101871
18047	was	_	_	_	_	18046	_	_	start_char=101872|end_char=101875
18048	a	_	_	_	_	18047	_	_	start_char=101876|end_char=101877
18049	Roman	_	_	_	_	18048	_	_	start_char=101878|end_char=101883
18050	Catholic;	_	_	_	_	18049	_	_	start_char=101884|end_char=101893
18051	and	_	_	_	_	18050	_	_	start_char=101894|end_char=101897
18052	I	_	_	_	_	18051	_	_	start_char=101898|end_char=101899
18053	believe	_	_	_	_	18052	_	_	start_char=101900|end_char=101907
18054	her	_	_	_	_	18053	_	_	start_char=101908|end_char=101911
18055	confessor	_	_	_	_	18054	_	_	start_char=101912|end_char=101921
18056	confirmed	_	_	_	_	18055	_	_	start_char=101922|end_char=101931
18057	the	_	_	_	_	18056	_	_	start_char=101932|end_char=101935
18058	idea	_	_	_	_	18057	_	_	start_char=101936|end_char=101940
18059	which	_	_	_	_	18058	_	_	start_char=101941|end_char=101946
18060	she	_	_	_	_	18059	_	_	start_char=101947|end_char=101950
18061	had	_	_	_	_	18060	_	_	start_char=101951|end_char=101954
18062	conceived.	_	_	_	_	18061	_	_	start_char=101955|end_char=101965
18063	Accordingly,	_	_	_	_	18062	_	_	start_char=101966|end_char=101978
18064	a	_	_	_	_	18063	_	_	start_char=101979|end_char=101980
18065	few	_	_	_	_	18064	_	_	start_char=101981|end_char=101984
18066	months	_	_	_	_	18065	_	_	start_char=101985|end_char=101991
18067	after	_	_	_	_	18066	_	_	start_char=101992|end_char=101997
18068	your	_	_	_	_	18067	_	_	start_char=101998|end_char=102002
18069	departure	_	_	_	_	18068	_	_	start_char=102003|end_char=102012
18070	for	_	_	_	_	18069	_	_	start_char=102013|end_char=102016
18071	Ingolstadt,	_	_	_	_	18070	_	_	start_char=102017|end_char=102028
18072	Justine	_	_	_	_	18071	_	_	start_char=102029|end_char=102036
18073	was	_	_	_	_	18072	_	_	start_char=102037|end_char=102040
18074	called	_	_	_	_	18073	_	_	start_char=102041|end_char=102047
18075	home	_	_	_	_	18074	_	_	start_char=102048|end_char=102052
18076	by	_	_	_	_	18075	_	_	start_char=102053|end_char=102055
18077	her	_	_	_	_	18076	_	_	start_char=102056|end_char=102059
18078	repentant	_	_	_	_	18077	_	_	start_char=102060|end_char=102069
18079	mother.	_	_	_	_	18078	_	_	start_char=102070|end_char=102077
18080	Poor	_	_	_	_	18079	_	_	start_char=102078|end_char=102082
18081	girl!	_	_	_	_	18080	_	_	start_char=102083|end_char=102088
18082	She	_	_	_	_	18081	_	_	start_char=102089|end_char=102092
18083	wept	_	_	_	_	18082	_	_	start_char=102093|end_char=102097
18084	when	_	_	_	_	18083	_	_	start_char=102098|end_char=102102
18085	she	_	_	_	_	18084	_	_	start_char=102103|end_char=102106
18086	quitted	_	_	_	_	18085	_	_	start_char=102107|end_char=102114
18087	our	_	_	_	_	18086	_	_	start_char=102115|end_char=102118
18088	house;	_	_	_	_	18087	_	_	start_char=102119|end_char=102125
18089	she	_	_	_	_	18088	_	_	start_char=102126|end_char=102129
18090	was	_	_	_	_	18089	_	_	start_char=102130|end_char=102133
18091	much	_	_	_	_	18090	_	_	start_char=102134|end_char=102138
18092	altered	_	_	_	_	18091	_	_	start_char=102139|end_char=102146
18093	since	_	_	_	_	18092	_	_	start_char=102147|end_char=102152
18094	the	_	_	_	_	18093	_	_	start_char=102153|end_char=102156
18095	death	_	_	_	_	18094	_	_	start_char=102157|end_char=102162
18096	of	_	_	_	_	18095	_	_	start_char=102163|end_char=102165
18097	my	_	_	_	_	18096	_	_	start_char=102166|end_char=102168
18098	aunt;	_	_	_	_	18097	_	_	start_char=102169|end_char=102174
18099	grief	_	_	_	_	18098	_	_	start_char=102175|end_char=102180
18100	had	_	_	_	_	18099	_	_	start_char=102181|end_char=102184
18101	given	_	_	_	_	18100	_	_	start_char=102185|end_char=102190
18102	softness	_	_	_	_	18101	_	_	start_char=102191|end_char=102199
18103	and	_	_	_	_	18102	_	_	start_char=102200|end_char=102203
18104	a	_	_	_	_	18103	_	_	start_char=102204|end_char=102205
18105	winning	_	_	_	_	18104	_	_	start_char=102206|end_char=102213
18106	mildness	_	_	_	_	18105	_	_	start_char=102214|end_char=102222
18107	to	_	_	_	_	18106	_	_	start_char=102223|end_char=102225
18108	her	_	_	_	_	18107	_	_	start_char=102226|end_char=102229
18109	manners,	_	_	_	_	18108	_	_	start_char=102230|end_char=102238
18110	which	_	_	_	_	18109	_	_	start_char=102239|end_char=102244
18111	had	_	_	_	_	18110	_	_	start_char=102245|end_char=102248
18112	before	_	_	_	_	18111	_	_	start_char=102249|end_char=102255
18113	been	_	_	_	_	18112	_	_	start_char=102256|end_char=102260
18114	remarkable	_	_	_	_	18113	_	_	start_char=102261|end_char=102271
18115	for	_	_	_	_	18114	_	_	start_char=102272|end_char=102275
18116	vivacity.	_	_	_	_	18115	_	_	start_char=102276|end_char=102285
18117	Nor	_	_	_	_	18116	_	_	start_char=102286|end_char=102289
18118	was	_	_	_	_	18117	_	_	start_char=102290|end_char=102293
18119	her	_	_	_	_	18118	_	_	start_char=102294|end_char=102297
18120	residence	_	_	_	_	18119	_	_	start_char=102298|end_char=102307
18121	at	_	_	_	_	18120	_	_	start_char=102308|end_char=102310
18122	her	_	_	_	_	18121	_	_	start_char=102311|end_char=102314
18123	mother’s	_	_	_	_	18122	_	_	start_char=102315|end_char=102323
18124	house	_	_	_	_	18123	_	_	start_char=102324|end_char=102329
18125	of	_	_	_	_	18124	_	_	start_char=102330|end_char=102332
18126	a	_	_	_	_	18125	_	_	start_char=102333|end_char=102334
18127	nature	_	_	_	_	18126	_	_	start_char=102335|end_char=102341
18128	to	_	_	_	_	18127	_	_	start_char=102342|end_char=102344
18129	restore	_	_	_	_	18128	_	_	start_char=102345|end_char=102352
18130	her	_	_	_	_	18129	_	_	start_char=102353|end_char=102356
18131	gaiety.	_	_	_	_	18130	_	_	start_char=102357|end_char=102364
18132	The	_	_	_	_	18131	_	_	start_char=102365|end_char=102368
18133	poor	_	_	_	_	18132	_	_	start_char=102369|end_char=102373
18134	woman	_	_	_	_	18133	_	_	start_char=102374|end_char=102379
18135	was	_	_	_	_	18134	_	_	start_char=102380|end_char=102383
18136	very	_	_	_	_	18135	_	_	start_char=102384|end_char=102388
18137	vacillating	_	_	_	_	18136	_	_	start_char=102389|end_char=102400
18138	in	_	_	_	_	18137	_	_	start_char=102401|end_char=102403
18139	her	_	_	_	_	18138	_	_	start_char=102404|end_char=102407
18140	repentance.	_	_	_	_	18139	_	_	start_char=102408|end_char=102419
18141	She	_	_	_	_	18140	_	_	start_char=102420|end_char=102423
18142	sometimes	_	_	_	_	18141	_	_	start_char=102424|end_char=102433
18143	begged	_	_	_	_	18142	_	_	start_char=102434|end_char=102440
18144	Justine	_	_	_	_	18143	_	_	start_char=102441|end_char=102448
18145	to	_	_	_	_	18144	_	_	start_char=102449|end_char=102451
18146	forgive	_	_	_	_	18145	_	_	start_char=102452|end_char=102459
18147	her	_	_	_	_	18146	_	_	start_char=102460|end_char=102463
18148	unkindness,	_	_	_	_	18147	_	_	start_char=102464|end_char=102475
18149	but	_	_	_	_	18148	_	_	start_char=102476|end_char=102479
18150	much	_	_	_	_	18149	_	_	start_char=102480|end_char=102484
18151	oftener	_	_	_	_	18150	_	_	start_char=102485|end_char=102492
18152	accused	_	_	_	_	18151	_	_	start_char=102493|end_char=102500
18153	her	_	_	_	_	18152	_	_	start_char=102501|end_char=102504
18154	of	_	_	_	_	18153	_	_	start_char=102505|end_char=102507
18155	having	_	_	_	_	18154	_	_	start_char=102508|end_char=102514
18156	caused	_	_	_	_	18155	_	_	start_char=102515|end_char=102521
18157	the	_	_	_	_	18156	_	_	start_char=102522|end_char=102525
18158	deaths	_	_	_	_	18157	_	_	start_char=102526|end_char=102532
18159	of	_	_	_	_	18158	_	_	start_char=102533|end_char=102535
18160	her	_	_	_	_	18159	_	_	start_char=102536|end_char=102539
18161	brothers	_	_	_	_	18160	_	_	start_char=102540|end_char=102548
18162	and	_	_	_	_	18161	_	_	start_char=102549|end_char=102552
18163	sister.	_	_	_	_	18162	_	_	start_char=102553|end_char=102560
18164	Perpetual	_	_	_	_	18163	_	_	start_char=102561|end_char=102570
18165	fretting	_	_	_	_	18164	_	_	start_char=102571|end_char=102579
18166	at	_	_	_	_	18165	_	_	start_char=102580|end_char=102582
18167	length	_	_	_	_	18166	_	_	start_char=102583|end_char=102589
18168	threw	_	_	_	_	18167	_	_	start_char=102590|end_char=102595
18169	Madame	_	_	_	_	18168	_	_	start_char=102596|end_char=102602
18170	Moritz	_	_	_	_	18169	_	_	start_char=102603|end_char=102609
18171	into	_	_	_	_	18170	_	_	start_char=102610|end_char=102614
18172	a	_	_	_	_	18171	_	_	start_char=102615|end_char=102616
18173	decline,	_	_	_	_	18172	_	_	start_char=102617|end_char=102625
18174	which	_	_	_	_	18173	_	_	start_char=102626|end_char=102631
18175	at	_	_	_	_	18174	_	_	start_char=102632|end_char=102634
18176	first	_	_	_	_	18175	_	_	start_char=102635|end_char=102640
18177	increased	_	_	_	_	18176	_	_	start_char=102641|end_char=102650
18178	her	_	_	_	_	18177	_	_	start_char=102651|end_char=102654
18179	irritability,	_	_	_	_	18178	_	_	start_char=102655|end_char=102668
18180	but	_	_	_	_	18179	_	_	start_char=102669|end_char=102672
18181	she	_	_	_	_	18180	_	_	start_char=102673|end_char=102676
18182	is	_	_	_	_	18181	_	_	start_char=102677|end_char=102679
18183	now	_	_	_	_	18182	_	_	start_char=102680|end_char=102683
18184	at	_	_	_	_	18183	_	_	start_char=102684|end_char=102686
18185	peace	_	_	_	_	18184	_	_	start_char=102687|end_char=102692
18186	for	_	_	_	_	18185	_	_	start_char=102693|end_char=102696
18187	ever.	_	_	_	_	18186	_	_	start_char=102697|end_char=102702
18188	She	_	_	_	_	18187	_	_	start_char=102703|end_char=102706
18189	died	_	_	_	_	18188	_	_	start_char=102707|end_char=102711
18190	on	_	_	_	_	18189	_	_	start_char=102712|end_char=102714
18191	the	_	_	_	_	18190	_	_	start_char=102715|end_char=102718
18192	first	_	_	_	_	18191	_	_	start_char=102719|end_char=102724
18193	approach	_	_	_	_	18192	_	_	start_char=102725|end_char=102733
18194	of	_	_	_	_	18193	_	_	start_char=102734|end_char=102736
18195	cold	_	_	_	_	18194	_	_	start_char=102737|end_char=102741
18196	weather,	_	_	_	_	18195	_	_	start_char=102742|end_char=102750
18197	at	_	_	_	_	18196	_	_	start_char=102751|end_char=102753
18198	the	_	_	_	_	18197	_	_	start_char=102754|end_char=102757
18199	beginning	_	_	_	_	18198	_	_	start_char=102758|end_char=102767
18200	of	_	_	_	_	18199	_	_	start_char=102768|end_char=102770
18201	this	_	_	_	_	18200	_	_	start_char=102771|end_char=102775
18202	last	_	_	_	_	18201	_	_	start_char=102776|end_char=102780
18203	winter.	_	_	_	_	18202	_	_	start_char=102781|end_char=102788
18204	Justine	_	_	_	_	18203	_	_	start_char=102789|end_char=102796
18205	has	_	_	_	_	18204	_	_	start_char=102797|end_char=102800
18206	just	_	_	_	_	18205	_	_	start_char=102801|end_char=102805
18207	returned	_	_	_	_	18206	_	_	start_char=102806|end_char=102814
18208	to	_	_	_	_	18207	_	_	start_char=102815|end_char=102817
18209	us;	_	_	_	_	18208	_	_	start_char=102818|end_char=102821
18210	and	_	_	_	_	18209	_	_	start_char=102822|end_char=102825
18211	I	_	_	_	_	18210	_	_	start_char=102826|end_char=102827
18212	assure	_	_	_	_	18211	_	_	start_char=102828|end_char=102834
18213	you	_	_	_	_	18212	_	_	start_char=102835|end_char=102838
18214	I	_	_	_	_	18213	_	_	start_char=102839|end_char=102840
18215	love	_	_	_	_	18214	_	_	start_char=102841|end_char=102845
18216	her	_	_	_	_	18215	_	_	start_char=102846|end_char=102849
18217	tenderly.	_	_	_	_	18216	_	_	start_char=102850|end_char=102859
18218	She	_	_	_	_	18217	_	_	start_char=102860|end_char=102863
18219	is	_	_	_	_	18218	_	_	start_char=102864|end_char=102866
18220	very	_	_	_	_	18219	_	_	start_char=102867|end_char=102871
18221	clever	_	_	_	_	18220	_	_	start_char=102872|end_char=102878
18222	and	_	_	_	_	18221	_	_	start_char=102879|end_char=102882
18223	gentle,	_	_	_	_	18222	_	_	start_char=102883|end_char=102890
18224	and	_	_	_	_	18223	_	_	start_char=102891|end_char=102894
18225	extremely	_	_	_	_	18224	_	_	start_char=102895|end_char=102904
18226	pretty;	_	_	_	_	18225	_	_	start_char=102905|end_char=102912
18227	as	_	_	_	_	18226	_	_	start_char=102913|end_char=102915
18228	I	_	_	_	_	18227	_	_	start_char=102916|end_char=102917
18229	mentioned	_	_	_	_	18228	_	_	start_char=102918|end_char=102927
18230	before,	_	_	_	_	18229	_	_	start_char=102928|end_char=102935
18231	her	_	_	_	_	18230	_	_	start_char=102936|end_char=102939
18232	mien	_	_	_	_	18231	_	_	start_char=102940|end_char=102944
18233	and	_	_	_	_	18232	_	_	start_char=102945|end_char=102948
18234	her	_	_	_	_	18233	_	_	start_char=102949|end_char=102952
18235	expression	_	_	_	_	18234	_	_	start_char=102953|end_char=102963
18236	continually	_	_	_	_	18235	_	_	start_char=102964|end_char=102975
18237	remind	_	_	_	_	18236	_	_	start_char=102976|end_char=102982
18238	me	_	_	_	_	18237	_	_	start_char=102983|end_char=102985
18239	of	_	_	_	_	18238	_	_	start_char=102986|end_char=102988
18240	my	_	_	_	_	18239	_	_	start_char=102989|end_char=102991
18241	dear	_	_	_	_	18240	_	_	start_char=102992|end_char=102996
18242	aunt.	_	_	_	_	18241	_	_	start_char=102997|end_char=103002
18243	“I	_	_	_	_	18242	_	_	start_char=103003|end_char=103005
18244	must	_	_	_	_	18243	_	_	start_char=103006|end_char=103010
18245	say	_	_	_	_	18244	_	_	start_char=103011|end_char=103014
18246	also	_	_	_	_	18245	_	_	start_char=103015|end_char=103019
18247	a	_	_	_	_	18246	_	_	start_char=103020|end_char=103021
18248	few	_	_	_	_	18247	_	_	start_char=103022|end_char=103025
18249	words	_	_	_	_	18248	_	_	start_char=103026|end_char=103031
18250	to	_	_	_	_	18249	_	_	start_char=103032|end_char=103034
18251	you,	_	_	_	_	18250	_	_	start_char=103035|end_char=103039
18252	my	_	_	_	_	18251	_	_	start_char=103040|end_char=103042
18253	dear	_	_	_	_	18252	_	_	start_char=103043|end_char=103047
18254	cousin,	_	_	_	_	18253	_	_	start_char=103048|end_char=103055
18255	of	_	_	_	_	18254	_	_	start_char=103056|end_char=103058
18256	little	_	_	_	_	18255	_	_	start_char=103059|end_char=103065
18257	darling	_	_	_	_	18256	_	_	start_char=103066|end_char=103073
18258	William.	_	_	_	_	18257	_	_	start_char=103074|end_char=103082
18259	I	_	_	_	_	18258	_	_	start_char=103083|end_char=103084
18260	wish	_	_	_	_	18259	_	_	start_char=103085|end_char=103089
18261	you	_	_	_	_	18260	_	_	start_char=103090|end_char=103093
18262	could	_	_	_	_	18261	_	_	start_char=103094|end_char=103099
18263	see	_	_	_	_	18262	_	_	start_char=103100|end_char=103103
18264	him;	_	_	_	_	18263	_	_	start_char=103104|end_char=103108
18265	he	_	_	_	_	18264	_	_	start_char=103109|end_char=103111
18266	is	_	_	_	_	18265	_	_	start_char=103112|end_char=103114
18267	very	_	_	_	_	18266	_	_	start_char=103115|end_char=103119
18268	tall	_	_	_	_	18267	_	_	start_char=103120|end_char=103124
18269	of	_	_	_	_	18268	_	_	start_char=103125|end_char=103127
18270	his	_	_	_	_	18269	_	_	start_char=103128|end_char=103131
18271	age,	_	_	_	_	18270	_	_	start_char=103132|end_char=103136
18272	with	_	_	_	_	18271	_	_	start_char=103137|end_char=103141
18273	sweet	_	_	_	_	18272	_	_	start_char=103142|end_char=103147
18274	laughing	_	_	_	_	18273	_	_	start_char=103148|end_char=103156
18275	blue	_	_	_	_	18274	_	_	start_char=103157|end_char=103161
18276	eyes,	_	_	_	_	18275	_	_	start_char=103162|end_char=103167
18277	dark	_	_	_	_	18276	_	_	start_char=103168|end_char=103172
18278	eyelashes,	_	_	_	_	18277	_	_	start_char=103173|end_char=103183
18279	and	_	_	_	_	18278	_	_	start_char=103184|end_char=103187
18280	curling	_	_	_	_	18279	_	_	start_char=103188|end_char=103195
18281	hair.	_	_	_	_	18280	_	_	start_char=103196|end_char=103201
18282	When	_	_	_	_	18281	_	_	start_char=103202|end_char=103206
18283	he	_	_	_	_	18282	_	_	start_char=103207|end_char=103209
18284	smiles,	_	_	_	_	18283	_	_	start_char=103210|end_char=103217
18285	two	_	_	_	_	18284	_	_	start_char=103218|end_char=103221
18286	little	_	_	_	_	18285	_	_	start_char=103222|end_char=103228
18287	dimples	_	_	_	_	18286	_	_	start_char=103229|end_char=103236
18288	appear	_	_	_	_	18287	_	_	start_char=103237|end_char=103243
18289	on	_	_	_	_	18288	_	_	start_char=103244|end_char=103246
18290	each	_	_	_	_	18289	_	_	start_char=103247|end_char=103251
18291	cheek,	_	_	_	_	18290	_	_	start_char=103252|end_char=103258
18292	which	_	_	_	_	18291	_	_	start_char=103259|end_char=103264
18293	are	_	_	_	_	18292	_	_	start_char=103265|end_char=103268
18294	rosy	_	_	_	_	18293	_	_	start_char=103269|end_char=103273
18295	with	_	_	_	_	18294	_	_	start_char=103274|end_char=103278
18296	health.	_	_	_	_	18295	_	_	start_char=103279|end_char=103286
18297	He	_	_	_	_	18296	_	_	start_char=103287|end_char=103289
18298	has	_	_	_	_	18297	_	_	start_char=103290|end_char=103293
18299	already	_	_	_	_	18298	_	_	start_char=103294|end_char=103301
18300	had	_	_	_	_	18299	_	_	start_char=103302|end_char=103305
18301	one	_	_	_	_	18300	_	_	start_char=103306|end_char=103309
18302	or	_	_	_	_	18301	_	_	start_char=103310|end_char=103312
18303	two	_	_	_	_	18302	_	_	start_char=103313|end_char=103316
18304	little	_	_	_	_	18303	_	_	start_char=103317|end_char=103323
18305	_wives,_	_	_	_	_	18304	_	_	start_char=103324|end_char=103332
18306	but	_	_	_	_	18305	_	_	start_char=103333|end_char=103336
18307	Louisa	_	_	_	_	18306	_	_	start_char=103337|end_char=103343
18308	Biron	_	_	_	_	18307	_	_	start_char=103344|end_char=103349
18309	is	_	_	_	_	18308	_	_	start_char=103350|end_char=103352
18310	his	_	_	_	_	18309	_	_	start_char=103353|end_char=103356
18311	favourite,	_	_	_	_	18310	_	_	start_char=103357|end_char=103367
18312	a	_	_	_	_	18311	_	_	start_char=103368|end_char=103369
18313	pretty	_	_	_	_	18312	_	_	start_char=103370|end_char=103376
18314	little	_	_	_	_	18313	_	_	start_char=103377|end_char=103383
18315	girl	_	_	_	_	18314	_	_	start_char=103384|end_char=103388
18316	of	_	_	_	_	18315	_	_	start_char=103389|end_char=103391
18317	five	_	_	_	_	18316	_	_	start_char=103392|end_char=103396
18318	years	_	_	_	_	18317	_	_	start_char=103397|end_char=103402
18319	of	_	_	_	_	18318	_	_	start_char=103403|end_char=103405
18320	age.	_	_	_	_	18319	_	_	start_char=103406|end_char=103410
18321	“Now,	_	_	_	_	18320	_	_	start_char=103411|end_char=103416
18322	dear	_	_	_	_	18321	_	_	start_char=103417|end_char=103421
18323	Victor,	_	_	_	_	18322	_	_	start_char=103422|end_char=103429
18324	I	_	_	_	_	18323	_	_	start_char=103430|end_char=103431
18325	dare	_	_	_	_	18324	_	_	start_char=103432|end_char=103436
18326	say	_	_	_	_	18325	_	_	start_char=103437|end_char=103440
18327	you	_	_	_	_	18326	_	_	start_char=103441|end_char=103444
18328	wish	_	_	_	_	18327	_	_	start_char=103445|end_char=103449
18329	to	_	_	_	_	18328	_	_	start_char=103450|end_char=103452
18330	be	_	_	_	_	18329	_	_	start_char=103453|end_char=103455
18331	indulged	_	_	_	_	18330	_	_	start_char=103456|end_char=103464
18332	in	_	_	_	_	18331	_	_	start_char=103465|end_char=103467
18333	a	_	_	_	_	18332	_	_	start_char=103468|end_char=103469
18334	little	_	_	_	_	18333	_	_	start_char=103470|end_char=103476
18335	gossip	_	_	_	_	18334	_	_	start_char=103477|end_char=103483
18336	concerning	_	_	_	_	18335	_	_	start_char=103484|end_char=103494
18337	the	_	_	_	_	18336	_	_	start_char=103495|end_char=103498
18338	good	_	_	_	_	18337	_	_	start_char=103499|end_char=103503
18339	people	_	_	_	_	18338	_	_	start_char=103504|end_char=103510
18340	of	_	_	_	_	18339	_	_	start_char=103511|end_char=103513
18341	Geneva.	_	_	_	_	18340	_	_	start_char=103514|end_char=103521
18342	The	_	_	_	_	18341	_	_	start_char=103522|end_char=103525
18343	pretty	_	_	_	_	18342	_	_	start_char=103526|end_char=103532
18344	Miss	_	_	_	_	18343	_	_	start_char=103533|end_char=103537
18345	Mansfield	_	_	_	_	18344	_	_	start_char=103538|end_char=103547
18346	has	_	_	_	_	18345	_	_	start_char=103548|end_char=103551
18347	already	_	_	_	_	18346	_	_	start_char=103552|end_char=103559
18348	received	_	_	_	_	18347	_	_	start_char=103560|end_char=103568
18349	the	_	_	_	_	18348	_	_	start_char=103569|end_char=103572
18350	congratulatory	_	_	_	_	18349	_	_	start_char=103573|end_char=103587
18351	visits	_	_	_	_	18350	_	_	start_char=103588|end_char=103594
18352	on	_	_	_	_	18351	_	_	start_char=103595|end_char=103597
18353	her	_	_	_	_	18352	_	_	start_char=103598|end_char=103601
18354	approaching	_	_	_	_	18353	_	_	start_char=103602|end_char=103613
18355	marriage	_	_	_	_	18354	_	_	start_char=103614|end_char=103622
18356	with	_	_	_	_	18355	_	_	start_char=103623|end_char=103627
18357	a	_	_	_	_	18356	_	_	start_char=103628|end_char=103629
18358	young	_	_	_	_	18357	_	_	start_char=103630|end_char=103635
18359	Englishman,	_	_	_	_	18358	_	_	start_char=103636|end_char=103647
18360	John	_	_	_	_	18359	_	_	start_char=103648|end_char=103652
18361	Melbourne,	_	_	_	_	18360	_	_	start_char=103653|end_char=103663
18362	Esq.	_	_	_	_	18361	_	_	start_char=103664|end_char=103668
18363	Her	_	_	_	_	18362	_	_	start_char=103669|end_char=103672
18364	ugly	_	_	_	_	18363	_	_	start_char=103673|end_char=103677
18365	sister,	_	_	_	_	18364	_	_	start_char=103678|end_char=103685
18366	Manon,	_	_	_	_	18365	_	_	start_char=103686|end_char=103692
18367	married	_	_	_	_	18366	_	_	start_char=103693|end_char=103700
18368	M.	_	_	_	_	18367	_	_	start_char=103701|end_char=103703
18369	Duvillard,	_	_	_	_	18368	_	_	start_char=103704|end_char=103714
18370	the	_	_	_	_	18369	_	_	start_char=103715|end_char=103718
18371	rich	_	_	_	_	18370	_	_	start_char=103719|end_char=103723
18372	banker,	_	_	_	_	18371	_	_	start_char=103724|end_char=103731
18373	last	_	_	_	_	18372	_	_	start_char=103732|end_char=103736
18374	autumn.	_	_	_	_	18373	_	_	start_char=103737|end_char=103744
18375	Your	_	_	_	_	18374	_	_	start_char=103745|end_char=103749
18376	favourite	_	_	_	_	18375	_	_	start_char=103750|end_char=103759
18377	schoolfellow,	_	_	_	_	18376	_	_	start_char=103760|end_char=103773
18378	Louis	_	_	_	_	18377	_	_	start_char=103774|end_char=103779
18379	Manoir,	_	_	_	_	18378	_	_	start_char=103780|end_char=103787
18380	has	_	_	_	_	18379	_	_	start_char=103788|end_char=103791
18381	suffered	_	_	_	_	18380	_	_	start_char=103792|end_char=103800
18382	several	_	_	_	_	18381	_	_	start_char=103801|end_char=103808
18383	misfortunes	_	_	_	_	18382	_	_	start_char=103809|end_char=103820
18384	since	_	_	_	_	18383	_	_	start_char=103821|end_char=103826
18385	the	_	_	_	_	18384	_	_	start_char=103827|end_char=103830
18386	departure	_	_	_	_	18385	_	_	start_char=103831|end_char=103840
18387	of	_	_	_	_	18386	_	_	start_char=103841|end_char=103843
18388	Clerval	_	_	_	_	18387	_	_	start_char=103844|end_char=103851
18389	from	_	_	_	_	18388	_	_	start_char=103852|end_char=103856
18390	Geneva.	_	_	_	_	18389	_	_	start_char=103857|end_char=103864
18391	But	_	_	_	_	18390	_	_	start_char=103865|end_char=103868
18392	he	_	_	_	_	18391	_	_	start_char=103869|end_char=103871
18393	has	_	_	_	_	18392	_	_	start_char=103872|end_char=103875
18394	already	_	_	_	_	18393	_	_	start_char=103876|end_char=103883
18395	recovered	_	_	_	_	18394	_	_	start_char=103884|end_char=103893
18396	his	_	_	_	_	18395	_	_	start_char=103894|end_char=103897
18397	spirits,	_	_	_	_	18396	_	_	start_char=103898|end_char=103906
18398	and	_	_	_	_	18397	_	_	start_char=103907|end_char=103910
18399	is	_	_	_	_	18398	_	_	start_char=103911|end_char=103913
18400	reported	_	_	_	_	18399	_	_	start_char=103914|end_char=103922
18401	to	_	_	_	_	18400	_	_	start_char=103923|end_char=103925
18402	be	_	_	_	_	18401	_	_	start_char=103926|end_char=103928
18403	on	_	_	_	_	18402	_	_	start_char=103929|end_char=103931
18404	the	_	_	_	_	18403	_	_	start_char=103932|end_char=103935
18405	point	_	_	_	_	18404	_	_	start_char=103936|end_char=103941
18406	of	_	_	_	_	18405	_	_	start_char=103942|end_char=103944
18407	marrying	_	_	_	_	18406	_	_	start_char=103945|end_char=103953
18408	a	_	_	_	_	18407	_	_	start_char=103954|end_char=103955
18409	lively	_	_	_	_	18408	_	_	start_char=103956|end_char=103962
18410	pretty	_	_	_	_	18409	_	_	start_char=103963|end_char=103969
18411	Frenchwoman,	_	_	_	_	18410	_	_	start_char=103970|end_char=103982
18412	Madame	_	_	_	_	18411	_	_	start_char=103983|end_char=103989
18413	Tavernier.	_	_	_	_	18412	_	_	start_char=103990|end_char=104000
18414	She	_	_	_	_	18413	_	_	start_char=104001|end_char=104004
18415	is	_	_	_	_	18414	_	_	start_char=104005|end_char=104007
18416	a	_	_	_	_	18415	_	_	start_char=104008|end_char=104009
18417	widow,	_	_	_	_	18416	_	_	start_char=104010|end_char=104016
18418	and	_	_	_	_	18417	_	_	start_char=104017|end_char=104020
18419	much	_	_	_	_	18418	_	_	start_char=104021|end_char=104025
18420	older	_	_	_	_	18419	_	_	start_char=104026|end_char=104031
18421	than	_	_	_	_	18420	_	_	start_char=104032|end_char=104036
18422	Manoir;	_	_	_	_	18421	_	_	start_char=104037|end_char=104044
18423	but	_	_	_	_	18422	_	_	start_char=104045|end_char=104048
18424	she	_	_	_	_	18423	_	_	start_char=104049|end_char=104052
18425	is	_	_	_	_	18424	_	_	start_char=104053|end_char=104055
18426	very	_	_	_	_	18425	_	_	start_char=104056|end_char=104060
18427	much	_	_	_	_	18426	_	_	start_char=104061|end_char=104065
18428	admired,	_	_	_	_	18427	_	_	start_char=104066|end_char=104074
18429	and	_	_	_	_	18428	_	_	start_char=104075|end_char=104078
18430	a	_	_	_	_	18429	_	_	start_char=104079|end_char=104080
18431	favourite	_	_	_	_	18430	_	_	start_char=104081|end_char=104090
18432	with	_	_	_	_	18431	_	_	start_char=104091|end_char=104095
18433	everybody.	_	_	_	_	18432	_	_	start_char=104096|end_char=104106
18434	“I	_	_	_	_	18433	_	_	start_char=104107|end_char=104109
18435	have	_	_	_	_	18434	_	_	start_char=104110|end_char=104114
18436	written	_	_	_	_	18435	_	_	start_char=104115|end_char=104122
18437	myself	_	_	_	_	18436	_	_	start_char=104123|end_char=104129
18438	into	_	_	_	_	18437	_	_	start_char=104130|end_char=104134
18439	better	_	_	_	_	18438	_	_	start_char=104135|end_char=104141
18440	spirits,	_	_	_	_	18439	_	_	start_char=104142|end_char=104150
18441	dear	_	_	_	_	18440	_	_	start_char=104151|end_char=104155
18442	cousin;	_	_	_	_	18441	_	_	start_char=104156|end_char=104163
18443	but	_	_	_	_	18442	_	_	start_char=104164|end_char=104167
18444	my	_	_	_	_	18443	_	_	start_char=104168|end_char=104170
18445	anxiety	_	_	_	_	18444	_	_	start_char=104171|end_char=104178
18446	returns	_	_	_	_	18445	_	_	start_char=104179|end_char=104186
18447	upon	_	_	_	_	18446	_	_	start_char=104187|end_char=104191
18448	me	_	_	_	_	18447	_	_	start_char=104192|end_char=104194
18449	as	_	_	_	_	18448	_	_	start_char=104195|end_char=104197
18450	I	_	_	_	_	18449	_	_	start_char=104198|end_char=104199
18451	conclude.	_	_	_	_	18450	_	_	start_char=104200|end_char=104209
18452	Write,	_	_	_	_	18451	_	_	start_char=104210|end_char=104216
18453	dearest	_	_	_	_	18452	_	_	start_char=104217|end_char=104224
18454	Victor,—one	_	_	_	_	18453	_	_	start_char=104225|end_char=104236
18455	line—one	_	_	_	_	18454	_	_	start_char=104237|end_char=104245
18456	word	_	_	_	_	18455	_	_	start_char=104246|end_char=104250
18457	will	_	_	_	_	18456	_	_	start_char=104251|end_char=104255
18458	be	_	_	_	_	18457	_	_	start_char=104256|end_char=104258
18459	a	_	_	_	_	18458	_	_	start_char=104259|end_char=104260
18460	blessing	_	_	_	_	18459	_	_	start_char=104261|end_char=104269
18461	to	_	_	_	_	18460	_	_	start_char=104270|end_char=104272
18462	us.	_	_	_	_	18461	_	_	start_char=104273|end_char=104276
18463	Ten	_	_	_	_	18462	_	_	start_char=104277|end_char=104280
18464	thousand	_	_	_	_	18463	_	_	start_char=104281|end_char=104289
18465	thanks	_	_	_	_	18464	_	_	start_char=104290|end_char=104296
18466	to	_	_	_	_	18465	_	_	start_char=104297|end_char=104299
18467	Henry	_	_	_	_	18466	_	_	start_char=104300|end_char=104305
18468	for	_	_	_	_	18467	_	_	start_char=104306|end_char=104309
18469	his	_	_	_	_	18468	_	_	start_char=104310|end_char=104313
18470	kindness,	_	_	_	_	18469	_	_	start_char=104314|end_char=104323
18471	his	_	_	_	_	18470	_	_	start_char=104324|end_char=104327
18472	affection,	_	_	_	_	18471	_	_	start_char=104328|end_char=104338
18473	and	_	_	_	_	18472	_	_	start_char=104339|end_char=104342
18474	his	_	_	_	_	18473	_	_	start_char=104343|end_char=104346
18475	many	_	_	_	_	18474	_	_	start_char=104347|end_char=104351
18476	letters;	_	_	_	_	18475	_	_	start_char=104352|end_char=104360
18477	we	_	_	_	_	18476	_	_	start_char=104361|end_char=104363
18478	are	_	_	_	_	18477	_	_	start_char=104364|end_char=104367
18479	sincerely	_	_	_	_	18478	_	_	start_char=104368|end_char=104377
18480	grateful.	_	_	_	_	18479	_	_	start_char=104378|end_char=104387
18481	Adieu!	_	_	_	_	18480	_	_	start_char=104388|end_char=104394
18482	my	_	_	_	_	18481	_	_	start_char=104395|end_char=104397
18483	cousin;	_	_	_	_	18482	_	_	start_char=104398|end_char=104405
18484	take	_	_	_	_	18483	_	_	start_char=104406|end_char=104410
18485	care	_	_	_	_	18484	_	_	start_char=104411|end_char=104415
18486	of	_	_	_	_	18485	_	_	start_char=104416|end_char=104418
18487	yourself;	_	_	_	_	18486	_	_	start_char=104419|end_char=104428
18488	and,	_	_	_	_	18487	_	_	start_char=104429|end_char=104433
18489	I	_	_	_	_	18488	_	_	start_char=104434|end_char=104435
18490	entreat	_	_	_	_	18489	_	_	start_char=104436|end_char=104443
18491	you,	_	_	_	_	18490	_	_	start_char=104444|end_char=104448
18492	write!	_	_	_	_	18491	_	_	start_char=104449|end_char=104455
18493	“Elizabeth	_	_	_	_	18492	_	_	start_char=104456|end_char=104466
18494	Lavenza.	_	_	_	_	18493	_	_	start_char=104467|end_char=104475
18495	“Geneva,	_	_	_	_	18494	_	_	start_char=104476|end_char=104484
18496	March	_	_	_	_	18495	_	_	start_char=104485|end_char=104490
18497	18th,	_	_	_	_	18496	_	_	start_char=104491|end_char=104496
18498	17—.”	_	_	_	_	18497	_	_	start_char=104497|end_char=104502
18499	“Dear,	_	_	_	_	18498	_	_	start_char=104503|end_char=104509
18500	dear	_	_	_	_	18499	_	_	start_char=104510|end_char=104514
18501	Elizabeth!”	_	_	_	_	18500	_	_	start_char=104515|end_char=104526
18502	I	_	_	_	_	18501	_	_	start_char=104527|end_char=104528
18503	exclaimed,	_	_	_	_	18502	_	_	start_char=104529|end_char=104539
18504	when	_	_	_	_	18503	_	_	start_char=104540|end_char=104544
18505	I	_	_	_	_	18504	_	_	start_char=104545|end_char=104546
18506	had	_	_	_	_	18505	_	_	start_char=104547|end_char=104550
18507	read	_	_	_	_	18506	_	_	start_char=104551|end_char=104555
18508	her	_	_	_	_	18507	_	_	start_char=104556|end_char=104559
18509	letter:	_	_	_	_	18508	_	_	start_char=104560|end_char=104567
18510	“I	_	_	_	_	18509	_	_	start_char=104568|end_char=104570
18511	will	_	_	_	_	18510	_	_	start_char=104571|end_char=104575
18512	write	_	_	_	_	18511	_	_	start_char=104576|end_char=104581
18513	instantly	_	_	_	_	18512	_	_	start_char=104582|end_char=104591
18514	and	_	_	_	_	18513	_	_	start_char=104592|end_char=104595
18515	relieve	_	_	_	_	18514	_	_	start_char=104596|end_char=104603
18516	them	_	_	_	_	18515	_	_	start_char=104604|end_char=104608
18517	from	_	_	_	_	18516	_	_	start_char=104609|end_char=104613
18518	the	_	_	_	_	18517	_	_	start_char=104614|end_char=104617
18519	anxiety	_	_	_	_	18518	_	_	start_char=104618|end_char=104625
18520	they	_	_	_	_	18519	_	_	start_char=104626|end_char=104630
18521	must	_	_	_	_	18520	_	_	start_char=104631|end_char=104635
18522	feel.”	_	_	_	_	18521	_	_	start_char=104636|end_char=104642
18523	I	_	_	_	_	18522	_	_	start_char=104643|end_char=104644
18524	wrote,	_	_	_	_	18523	_	_	start_char=104645|end_char=104651
18525	and	_	_	_	_	18524	_	_	start_char=104652|end_char=104655
18526	this	_	_	_	_	18525	_	_	start_char=104656|end_char=104660
18527	exertion	_	_	_	_	18526	_	_	start_char=104661|end_char=104669
18528	greatly	_	_	_	_	18527	_	_	start_char=104670|end_char=104677
18529	fatigued	_	_	_	_	18528	_	_	start_char=104678|end_char=104686
18530	me;	_	_	_	_	18529	_	_	start_char=104687|end_char=104690
18531	but	_	_	_	_	18530	_	_	start_char=104691|end_char=104694
18532	my	_	_	_	_	18531	_	_	start_char=104695|end_char=104697
18533	convalescence	_	_	_	_	18532	_	_	start_char=104698|end_char=104711
18534	had	_	_	_	_	18533	_	_	start_char=104712|end_char=104715
18535	commenced,	_	_	_	_	18534	_	_	start_char=104716|end_char=104726
18536	and	_	_	_	_	18535	_	_	start_char=104727|end_char=104730
18537	proceeded	_	_	_	_	18536	_	_	start_char=104731|end_char=104740
18538	regularly.	_	_	_	_	18537	_	_	start_char=104741|end_char=104751
18539	In	_	_	_	_	18538	_	_	start_char=104752|end_char=104754
18540	another	_	_	_	_	18539	_	_	start_char=104755|end_char=104762
18541	fortnight	_	_	_	_	18540	_	_	start_char=104763|end_char=104772
18542	I	_	_	_	_	18541	_	_	start_char=104773|end_char=104774
18543	was	_	_	_	_	18542	_	_	start_char=104775|end_char=104778
18544	able	_	_	_	_	18543	_	_	start_char=104779|end_char=104783
18545	to	_	_	_	_	18544	_	_	start_char=104784|end_char=104786
18546	leave	_	_	_	_	18545	_	_	start_char=104787|end_char=104792
18547	my	_	_	_	_	18546	_	_	start_char=104793|end_char=104795
18548	chamber.	_	_	_	_	18547	_	_	start_char=104796|end_char=104804
18549	One	_	_	_	_	18548	_	_	start_char=104805|end_char=104808
18550	of	_	_	_	_	18549	_	_	start_char=104809|end_char=104811
18551	my	_	_	_	_	18550	_	_	start_char=104812|end_char=104814
18552	first	_	_	_	_	18551	_	_	start_char=104815|end_char=104820
18553	duties	_	_	_	_	18552	_	_	start_char=104821|end_char=104827
18554	on	_	_	_	_	18553	_	_	start_char=104828|end_char=104830
18555	my	_	_	_	_	18554	_	_	start_char=104831|end_char=104833
18556	recovery	_	_	_	_	18555	_	_	start_char=104834|end_char=104842
18557	was	_	_	_	_	18556	_	_	start_char=104843|end_char=104846
18558	to	_	_	_	_	18557	_	_	start_char=104847|end_char=104849
18559	introduce	_	_	_	_	18558	_	_	start_char=104850|end_char=104859
18560	Clerval	_	_	_	_	18559	_	_	start_char=104860|end_char=104867
18561	to	_	_	_	_	18560	_	_	start_char=104868|end_char=104870
18562	the	_	_	_	_	18561	_	_	start_char=104871|end_char=104874
18563	several	_	_	_	_	18562	_	_	start_char=104875|end_char=104882
18564	professors	_	_	_	_	18563	_	_	start_char=104883|end_char=104893
18565	of	_	_	_	_	18564	_	_	start_char=104894|end_char=104896
18566	the	_	_	_	_	18565	_	_	start_char=104897|end_char=104900
18567	university.	_	_	_	_	18566	_	_	start_char=104901|end_char=104912
18568	In	_	_	_	_	18567	_	_	start_char=104913|end_char=104915
18569	doing	_	_	_	_	18568	_	_	start_char=104916|end_char=104921
18570	this,	_	_	_	_	18569	_	_	start_char=104922|end_char=104927
18571	I	_	_	_	_	18570	_	_	start_char=104928|end_char=104929
18572	underwent	_	_	_	_	18571	_	_	start_char=104930|end_char=104939
18573	a	_	_	_	_	18572	_	_	start_char=104940|end_char=104941
18574	kind	_	_	_	_	18573	_	_	start_char=104942|end_char=104946
18575	of	_	_	_	_	18574	_	_	start_char=104947|end_char=104949
18576	rough	_	_	_	_	18575	_	_	start_char=104950|end_char=104955
18577	usage,	_	_	_	_	18576	_	_	start_char=104956|end_char=104962
18578	ill	_	_	_	_	18577	_	_	start_char=104963|end_char=104966
18579	befitting	_	_	_	_	18578	_	_	start_char=104967|end_char=104976
18580	the	_	_	_	_	18579	_	_	start_char=104977|end_char=104980
18581	wounds	_	_	_	_	18580	_	_	start_char=104981|end_char=104987
18582	that	_	_	_	_	18581	_	_	start_char=104988|end_char=104992
18583	my	_	_	_	_	18582	_	_	start_char=104993|end_char=104995
18584	mind	_	_	_	_	18583	_	_	start_char=104996|end_char=105000
18585	had	_	_	_	_	18584	_	_	start_char=105001|end_char=105004
18586	sustained.	_	_	_	_	18585	_	_	start_char=105005|end_char=105015
18587	Ever	_	_	_	_	18586	_	_	start_char=105016|end_char=105020
18588	since	_	_	_	_	18587	_	_	start_char=105021|end_char=105026
18589	the	_	_	_	_	18588	_	_	start_char=105027|end_char=105030
18590	fatal	_	_	_	_	18589	_	_	start_char=105031|end_char=105036
18591	night,	_	_	_	_	18590	_	_	start_char=105037|end_char=105043
18592	the	_	_	_	_	18591	_	_	start_char=105044|end_char=105047
18593	end	_	_	_	_	18592	_	_	start_char=105048|end_char=105051
18594	of	_	_	_	_	18593	_	_	start_char=105052|end_char=105054
18595	my	_	_	_	_	18594	_	_	start_char=105055|end_char=105057
18596	labours,	_	_	_	_	18595	_	_	start_char=105058|end_char=105066
18597	and	_	_	_	_	18596	_	_	start_char=105067|end_char=105070
18598	the	_	_	_	_	18597	_	_	start_char=105071|end_char=105074
18599	beginning	_	_	_	_	18598	_	_	start_char=105075|end_char=105084
18600	of	_	_	_	_	18599	_	_	start_char=105085|end_char=105087
18601	my	_	_	_	_	18600	_	_	start_char=105088|end_char=105090
18602	misfortunes,	_	_	_	_	18601	_	_	start_char=105091|end_char=105103
18603	I	_	_	_	_	18602	_	_	start_char=105104|end_char=105105
18604	had	_	_	_	_	18603	_	_	start_char=105106|end_char=105109
18605	conceived	_	_	_	_	18604	_	_	start_char=105110|end_char=105119
18606	a	_	_	_	_	18605	_	_	start_char=105120|end_char=105121
18607	violent	_	_	_	_	18606	_	_	start_char=105122|end_char=105129
18608	antipathy	_	_	_	_	18607	_	_	start_char=105130|end_char=105139
18609	even	_	_	_	_	18608	_	_	start_char=105140|end_char=105144
18610	to	_	_	_	_	18609	_	_	start_char=105145|end_char=105147
18611	the	_	_	_	_	18610	_	_	start_char=105148|end_char=105151
18612	name	_	_	_	_	18611	_	_	start_char=105152|end_char=105156
18613	of	_	_	_	_	18612	_	_	start_char=105157|end_char=105159
18614	natural	_	_	_	_	18613	_	_	start_char=105160|end_char=105167
18615	philosophy.	_	_	_	_	18614	_	_	start_char=105168|end_char=105179
18616	When	_	_	_	_	18615	_	_	start_char=105180|end_char=105184
18617	I	_	_	_	_	18616	_	_	start_char=105185|end_char=105186
18618	was	_	_	_	_	18617	_	_	start_char=105187|end_char=105190
18619	otherwise	_	_	_	_	18618	_	_	start_char=105191|end_char=105200
18620	quite	_	_	_	_	18619	_	_	start_char=105201|end_char=105206
18621	restored	_	_	_	_	18620	_	_	start_char=105207|end_char=105215
18622	to	_	_	_	_	18621	_	_	start_char=105216|end_char=105218
18623	health,	_	_	_	_	18622	_	_	start_char=105219|end_char=105226
18624	the	_	_	_	_	18623	_	_	start_char=105227|end_char=105230
18625	sight	_	_	_	_	18624	_	_	start_char=105231|end_char=105236
18626	of	_	_	_	_	18625	_	_	start_char=105237|end_char=105239
18627	a	_	_	_	_	18626	_	_	start_char=105240|end_char=105241
18628	chemical	_	_	_	_	18627	_	_	start_char=105242|end_char=105250
18629	instrument	_	_	_	_	18628	_	_	start_char=105251|end_char=105261
18630	would	_	_	_	_	18629	_	_	start_char=105262|end_char=105267
18631	renew	_	_	_	_	18630	_	_	start_char=105268|end_char=105273
18632	all	_	_	_	_	18631	_	_	start_char=105274|end_char=105277
18633	the	_	_	_	_	18632	_	_	start_char=105278|end_char=105281
18634	agony	_	_	_	_	18633	_	_	start_char=105282|end_char=105287
18635	of	_	_	_	_	18634	_	_	start_char=105288|end_char=105290
18636	my	_	_	_	_	18635	_	_	start_char=105291|end_char=105293
18637	nervous	_	_	_	_	18636	_	_	start_char=105294|end_char=105301
18638	symptoms.	_	_	_	_	18637	_	_	start_char=105302|end_char=105311
18639	Henry	_	_	_	_	18638	_	_	start_char=105312|end_char=105317
18640	saw	_	_	_	_	18639	_	_	start_char=105318|end_char=105321
18641	this,	_	_	_	_	18640	_	_	start_char=105322|end_char=105327
18642	and	_	_	_	_	18641	_	_	start_char=105328|end_char=105331
18643	had	_	_	_	_	18642	_	_	start_char=105332|end_char=105335
18644	removed	_	_	_	_	18643	_	_	start_char=105336|end_char=105343
18645	all	_	_	_	_	18644	_	_	start_char=105344|end_char=105347
18646	my	_	_	_	_	18645	_	_	start_char=105348|end_char=105350
18647	apparatus	_	_	_	_	18646	_	_	start_char=105351|end_char=105360
18648	from	_	_	_	_	18647	_	_	start_char=105361|end_char=105365
18649	my	_	_	_	_	18648	_	_	start_char=105366|end_char=105368
18650	view.	_	_	_	_	18649	_	_	start_char=105369|end_char=105374
18651	He	_	_	_	_	18650	_	_	start_char=105375|end_char=105377
18652	had	_	_	_	_	18651	_	_	start_char=105378|end_char=105381
18653	also	_	_	_	_	18652	_	_	start_char=105382|end_char=105386
18654	changed	_	_	_	_	18653	_	_	start_char=105387|end_char=105394
18655	my	_	_	_	_	18654	_	_	start_char=105395|end_char=105397
18656	apartment;	_	_	_	_	18655	_	_	start_char=105398|end_char=105408
18657	for	_	_	_	_	18656	_	_	start_char=105409|end_char=105412
18658	he	_	_	_	_	18657	_	_	start_char=105413|end_char=105415
18659	perceived	_	_	_	_	18658	_	_	start_char=105416|end_char=105425
18660	that	_	_	_	_	18659	_	_	start_char=105426|end_char=105430
18661	I	_	_	_	_	18660	_	_	start_char=105431|end_char=105432
18662	had	_	_	_	_	18661	_	_	start_char=105433|end_char=105436
18663	acquired	_	_	_	_	18662	_	_	start_char=105437|end_char=105445
18664	a	_	_	_	_	18663	_	_	start_char=105446|end_char=105447
18665	dislike	_	_	_	_	18664	_	_	start_char=105448|end_char=105455
18666	for	_	_	_	_	18665	_	_	start_char=105456|end_char=105459
18667	the	_	_	_	_	18666	_	_	start_char=105460|end_char=105463
18668	room	_	_	_	_	18667	_	_	start_char=105464|end_char=105468
18669	which	_	_	_	_	18668	_	_	start_char=105469|end_char=105474
18670	had	_	_	_	_	18669	_	_	start_char=105475|end_char=105478
18671	previously	_	_	_	_	18670	_	_	start_char=105479|end_char=105489
18672	been	_	_	_	_	18671	_	_	start_char=105490|end_char=105494
18673	my	_	_	_	_	18672	_	_	start_char=105495|end_char=105497
18674	laboratory.	_	_	_	_	18673	_	_	start_char=105498|end_char=105509
18675	But	_	_	_	_	18674	_	_	start_char=105510|end_char=105513
18676	these	_	_	_	_	18675	_	_	start_char=105514|end_char=105519
18677	cares	_	_	_	_	18676	_	_	start_char=105520|end_char=105525
18678	of	_	_	_	_	18677	_	_	start_char=105526|end_char=105528
18679	Clerval	_	_	_	_	18678	_	_	start_char=105529|end_char=105536
18680	were	_	_	_	_	18679	_	_	start_char=105537|end_char=105541
18681	made	_	_	_	_	18680	_	_	start_char=105542|end_char=105546
18682	of	_	_	_	_	18681	_	_	start_char=105547|end_char=105549
18683	no	_	_	_	_	18682	_	_	start_char=105550|end_char=105552
18684	avail	_	_	_	_	18683	_	_	start_char=105553|end_char=105558
18685	when	_	_	_	_	18684	_	_	start_char=105559|end_char=105563
18686	I	_	_	_	_	18685	_	_	start_char=105564|end_char=105565
18687	visited	_	_	_	_	18686	_	_	start_char=105566|end_char=105573
18688	the	_	_	_	_	18687	_	_	start_char=105574|end_char=105577
18689	professors.	_	_	_	_	18688	_	_	start_char=105578|end_char=105589
18690	M.	_	_	_	_	18689	_	_	start_char=105590|end_char=105592
18691	Waldman	_	_	_	_	18690	_	_	start_char=105593|end_char=105600
18692	inflicted	_	_	_	_	18691	_	_	start_char=105601|end_char=105610
18693	torture	_	_	_	_	18692	_	_	start_char=105611|end_char=105618
18694	when	_	_	_	_	18693	_	_	start_char=105619|end_char=105623
18695	he	_	_	_	_	18694	_	_	start_char=105624|end_char=105626
18696	praised,	_	_	_	_	18695	_	_	start_char=105627|end_char=105635
18697	with	_	_	_	_	18696	_	_	start_char=105636|end_char=105640
18698	kindness	_	_	_	_	18697	_	_	start_char=105641|end_char=105649
18699	and	_	_	_	_	18698	_	_	start_char=105650|end_char=105653
18700	warmth,	_	_	_	_	18699	_	_	start_char=105654|end_char=105661
18701	the	_	_	_	_	18700	_	_	start_char=105662|end_char=105665
18702	astonishing	_	_	_	_	18701	_	_	start_char=105666|end_char=105677
18703	progress	_	_	_	_	18702	_	_	start_char=105678|end_char=105686
18704	I	_	_	_	_	18703	_	_	start_char=105687|end_char=105688
18705	had	_	_	_	_	18704	_	_	start_char=105689|end_char=105692
18706	made	_	_	_	_	18705	_	_	start_char=105693|end_char=105697
18707	in	_	_	_	_	18706	_	_	start_char=105698|end_char=105700
18708	the	_	_	_	_	18707	_	_	start_char=105701|end_char=105704
18709	sciences.	_	_	_	_	18708	_	_	start_char=105705|end_char=105714
18710	He	_	_	_	_	18709	_	_	start_char=105715|end_char=105717
18711	soon	_	_	_	_	18710	_	_	start_char=105718|end_char=105722
18712	perceived	_	_	_	_	18711	_	_	start_char=105723|end_char=105732
18713	that	_	_	_	_	18712	_	_	start_char=105733|end_char=105737
18714	I	_	_	_	_	18713	_	_	start_char=105738|end_char=105739
18715	disliked	_	_	_	_	18714	_	_	start_char=105740|end_char=105748
18716	the	_	_	_	_	18715	_	_	start_char=105749|end_char=105752
18717	subject;	_	_	_	_	18716	_	_	start_char=105753|end_char=105761
18718	but	_	_	_	_	18717	_	_	start_char=105762|end_char=105765
18719	not	_	_	_	_	18718	_	_	start_char=105766|end_char=105769
18720	guessing	_	_	_	_	18719	_	_	start_char=105770|end_char=105778
18721	the	_	_	_	_	18720	_	_	start_char=105779|end_char=105782
18722	real	_	_	_	_	18721	_	_	start_char=105783|end_char=105787
18723	cause,	_	_	_	_	18722	_	_	start_char=105788|end_char=105794
18724	he	_	_	_	_	18723	_	_	start_char=105795|end_char=105797
18725	attributed	_	_	_	_	18724	_	_	start_char=105798|end_char=105808
18726	my	_	_	_	_	18725	_	_	start_char=105809|end_char=105811
18727	feelings	_	_	_	_	18726	_	_	start_char=105812|end_char=105820
18728	to	_	_	_	_	18727	_	_	start_char=105821|end_char=105823
18729	modesty,	_	_	_	_	18728	_	_	start_char=105824|end_char=105832
18730	and	_	_	_	_	18729	_	_	start_char=105833|end_char=105836
18731	changed	_	_	_	_	18730	_	_	start_char=105837|end_char=105844
18732	the	_	_	_	_	18731	_	_	start_char=105845|end_char=105848
18733	subject	_	_	_	_	18732	_	_	start_char=105849|end_char=105856
18734	from	_	_	_	_	18733	_	_	start_char=105857|end_char=105861
18735	my	_	_	_	_	18734	_	_	start_char=105862|end_char=105864
18736	improvement,	_	_	_	_	18735	_	_	start_char=105865|end_char=105877
18737	to	_	_	_	_	18736	_	_	start_char=105878|end_char=105880
18738	the	_	_	_	_	18737	_	_	start_char=105881|end_char=105884
18739	science	_	_	_	_	18738	_	_	start_char=105885|end_char=105892
18740	itself,	_	_	_	_	18739	_	_	start_char=105893|end_char=105900
18741	with	_	_	_	_	18740	_	_	start_char=105901|end_char=105905
18742	a	_	_	_	_	18741	_	_	start_char=105906|end_char=105907
18743	desire,	_	_	_	_	18742	_	_	start_char=105908|end_char=105915
18744	as	_	_	_	_	18743	_	_	start_char=105916|end_char=105918
18745	I	_	_	_	_	18744	_	_	start_char=105919|end_char=105920
18746	evidently	_	_	_	_	18745	_	_	start_char=105921|end_char=105930
18747	saw,	_	_	_	_	18746	_	_	start_char=105931|end_char=105935
18748	of	_	_	_	_	18747	_	_	start_char=105936|end_char=105938
18749	drawing	_	_	_	_	18748	_	_	start_char=105939|end_char=105946
18750	me	_	_	_	_	18749	_	_	start_char=105947|end_char=105949
18751	out.	_	_	_	_	18750	_	_	start_char=105950|end_char=105954
18752	What	_	_	_	_	18751	_	_	start_char=105955|end_char=105959
18753	could	_	_	_	_	18752	_	_	start_char=105960|end_char=105965
18754	I	_	_	_	_	18753	_	_	start_char=105966|end_char=105967
18755	do?	_	_	_	_	18754	_	_	start_char=105968|end_char=105971
18756	He	_	_	_	_	18755	_	_	start_char=105972|end_char=105974
18757	meant	_	_	_	_	18756	_	_	start_char=105975|end_char=105980
18758	to	_	_	_	_	18757	_	_	start_char=105981|end_char=105983
18759	please,	_	_	_	_	18758	_	_	start_char=105984|end_char=105991
18760	and	_	_	_	_	18759	_	_	start_char=105992|end_char=105995
18761	he	_	_	_	_	18760	_	_	start_char=105996|end_char=105998
18762	tormented	_	_	_	_	18761	_	_	start_char=105999|end_char=106008
18763	me.	_	_	_	_	18762	_	_	start_char=106009|end_char=106012
18764	I	_	_	_	_	18763	_	_	start_char=106013|end_char=106014
18765	felt	_	_	_	_	18764	_	_	start_char=106015|end_char=106019
18766	as	_	_	_	_	18765	_	_	start_char=106020|end_char=106022
18767	if	_	_	_	_	18766	_	_	start_char=106023|end_char=106025
18768	he	_	_	_	_	18767	_	_	start_char=106026|end_char=106028
18769	had	_	_	_	_	18768	_	_	start_char=106029|end_char=106032
18770	placed	_	_	_	_	18769	_	_	start_char=106033|end_char=106039
18771	carefully,	_	_	_	_	18770	_	_	start_char=106040|end_char=106050
18772	one	_	_	_	_	18771	_	_	start_char=106051|end_char=106054
18773	by	_	_	_	_	18772	_	_	start_char=106055|end_char=106057
18774	one,	_	_	_	_	18773	_	_	start_char=106058|end_char=106062
18775	in	_	_	_	_	18774	_	_	start_char=106063|end_char=106065
18776	my	_	_	_	_	18775	_	_	start_char=106066|end_char=106068
18777	view	_	_	_	_	18776	_	_	start_char=106069|end_char=106073
18778	those	_	_	_	_	18777	_	_	start_char=106074|end_char=106079
18779	instruments	_	_	_	_	18778	_	_	start_char=106080|end_char=106091
18780	which	_	_	_	_	18779	_	_	start_char=106092|end_char=106097
18781	were	_	_	_	_	18780	_	_	start_char=106098|end_char=106102
18782	to	_	_	_	_	18781	_	_	start_char=106103|end_char=106105
18783	be	_	_	_	_	18782	_	_	start_char=106106|end_char=106108
18784	afterwards	_	_	_	_	18783	_	_	start_char=106109|end_char=106119
18785	used	_	_	_	_	18784	_	_	start_char=106120|end_char=106124
18786	in	_	_	_	_	18785	_	_	start_char=106125|end_char=106127
18787	putting	_	_	_	_	18786	_	_	start_char=106128|end_char=106135
18788	me	_	_	_	_	18787	_	_	start_char=106136|end_char=106138
18789	to	_	_	_	_	18788	_	_	start_char=106139|end_char=106141
18790	a	_	_	_	_	18789	_	_	start_char=106142|end_char=106143
18791	slow	_	_	_	_	18790	_	_	start_char=106144|end_char=106148
18792	and	_	_	_	_	18791	_	_	start_char=106149|end_char=106152
18793	cruel	_	_	_	_	18792	_	_	start_char=106153|end_char=106158
18794	death.	_	_	_	_	18793	_	_	start_char=106159|end_char=106165
18795	I	_	_	_	_	18794	_	_	start_char=106166|end_char=106167
18796	writhed	_	_	_	_	18795	_	_	start_char=106168|end_char=106175
18797	under	_	_	_	_	18796	_	_	start_char=106176|end_char=106181
18798	his	_	_	_	_	18797	_	_	start_char=106182|end_char=106185
18799	words,	_	_	_	_	18798	_	_	start_char=106186|end_char=106192
18800	yet	_	_	_	_	18799	_	_	start_char=106193|end_char=106196
18801	dared	_	_	_	_	18800	_	_	start_char=106197|end_char=106202
18802	not	_	_	_	_	18801	_	_	start_char=106203|end_char=106206
18803	exhibit	_	_	_	_	18802	_	_	start_char=106207|end_char=106214
18804	the	_	_	_	_	18803	_	_	start_char=106215|end_char=106218
18805	pain	_	_	_	_	18804	_	_	start_char=106219|end_char=106223
18806	I	_	_	_	_	18805	_	_	start_char=106224|end_char=106225
18807	felt.	_	_	_	_	18806	_	_	start_char=106226|end_char=106231
18808	Clerval,	_	_	_	_	18807	_	_	start_char=106232|end_char=106240
18809	whose	_	_	_	_	18808	_	_	start_char=106241|end_char=106246
18810	eyes	_	_	_	_	18809	_	_	start_char=106247|end_char=106251
18811	and	_	_	_	_	18810	_	_	start_char=106252|end_char=106255
18812	feelings	_	_	_	_	18811	_	_	start_char=106256|end_char=106264
18813	were	_	_	_	_	18812	_	_	start_char=106265|end_char=106269
18814	always	_	_	_	_	18813	_	_	start_char=106270|end_char=106276
18815	quick	_	_	_	_	18814	_	_	start_char=106277|end_char=106282
18816	in	_	_	_	_	18815	_	_	start_char=106283|end_char=106285
18817	discerning	_	_	_	_	18816	_	_	start_char=106286|end_char=106296
18818	the	_	_	_	_	18817	_	_	start_char=106297|end_char=106300
18819	sensations	_	_	_	_	18818	_	_	start_char=106301|end_char=106311
18820	of	_	_	_	_	18819	_	_	start_char=106312|end_char=106314
18821	others,	_	_	_	_	18820	_	_	start_char=106315|end_char=106322
18822	declined	_	_	_	_	18821	_	_	start_char=106323|end_char=106331
18823	the	_	_	_	_	18822	_	_	start_char=106332|end_char=106335
18824	subject,	_	_	_	_	18823	_	_	start_char=106336|end_char=106344
18825	alleging,	_	_	_	_	18824	_	_	start_char=106345|end_char=106354
18826	in	_	_	_	_	18825	_	_	start_char=106355|end_char=106357
18827	excuse,	_	_	_	_	18826	_	_	start_char=106358|end_char=106365
18828	his	_	_	_	_	18827	_	_	start_char=106366|end_char=106369
18829	total	_	_	_	_	18828	_	_	start_char=106370|end_char=106375
18830	ignorance;	_	_	_	_	18829	_	_	start_char=106376|end_char=106386
18831	and	_	_	_	_	18830	_	_	start_char=106387|end_char=106390
18832	the	_	_	_	_	18831	_	_	start_char=106391|end_char=106394
18833	conversation	_	_	_	_	18832	_	_	start_char=106395|end_char=106407
18834	took	_	_	_	_	18833	_	_	start_char=106408|end_char=106412
18835	a	_	_	_	_	18834	_	_	start_char=106413|end_char=106414
18836	more	_	_	_	_	18835	_	_	start_char=106415|end_char=106419
18837	general	_	_	_	_	18836	_	_	start_char=106420|end_char=106427
18838	turn.	_	_	_	_	18837	_	_	start_char=106428|end_char=106433
18839	I	_	_	_	_	18838	_	_	start_char=106434|end_char=106435
18840	thanked	_	_	_	_	18839	_	_	start_char=106436|end_char=106443
18841	my	_	_	_	_	18840	_	_	start_char=106444|end_char=106446
18842	friend	_	_	_	_	18841	_	_	start_char=106447|end_char=106453
18843	from	_	_	_	_	18842	_	_	start_char=106454|end_char=106458
18844	my	_	_	_	_	18843	_	_	start_char=106459|end_char=106461
18845	heart,	_	_	_	_	18844	_	_	start_char=106462|end_char=106468
18846	but	_	_	_	_	18845	_	_	start_char=106469|end_char=106472
18847	I	_	_	_	_	18846	_	_	start_char=106473|end_char=106474
18848	did	_	_	_	_	18847	_	_	start_char=106475|end_char=106478
18849	not	_	_	_	_	18848	_	_	start_char=106479|end_char=106482
18850	speak.	_	_	_	_	18849	_	_	start_char=106483|end_char=106489
18851	I	_	_	_	_	18850	_	_	start_char=106490|end_char=106491
18852	saw	_	_	_	_	18851	_	_	start_char=106492|end_char=106495
18853	plainly	_	_	_	_	18852	_	_	start_char=106496|end_char=106503
18854	that	_	_	_	_	18853	_	_	start_char=106504|end_char=106508
18855	he	_	_	_	_	18854	_	_	start_char=106509|end_char=106511
18856	was	_	_	_	_	18855	_	_	start_char=106512|end_char=106515
18857	surprised,	_	_	_	_	18856	_	_	start_char=106516|end_char=106526
18858	but	_	_	_	_	18857	_	_	start_char=106527|end_char=106530
18859	he	_	_	_	_	18858	_	_	start_char=106531|end_char=106533
18860	never	_	_	_	_	18859	_	_	start_char=106534|end_char=106539
18861	attempted	_	_	_	_	18860	_	_	start_char=106540|end_char=106549
18862	to	_	_	_	_	18861	_	_	start_char=106550|end_char=106552
18863	draw	_	_	_	_	18862	_	_	start_char=106553|end_char=106557
18864	my	_	_	_	_	18863	_	_	start_char=106558|end_char=106560
18865	secret	_	_	_	_	18864	_	_	start_char=106561|end_char=106567
18866	from	_	_	_	_	18865	_	_	start_char=106568|end_char=106572
18867	me;	_	_	_	_	18866	_	_	start_char=106573|end_char=106576
18868	and	_	_	_	_	18867	_	_	start_char=106577|end_char=106580
18869	although	_	_	_	_	18868	_	_	start_char=106581|end_char=106589
18870	I	_	_	_	_	18869	_	_	start_char=106590|end_char=106591
18871	loved	_	_	_	_	18870	_	_	start_char=106592|end_char=106597
18872	him	_	_	_	_	18871	_	_	start_char=106598|end_char=106601
18873	with	_	_	_	_	18872	_	_	start_char=106602|end_char=106606
18874	a	_	_	_	_	18873	_	_	start_char=106607|end_char=106608
18875	mixture	_	_	_	_	18874	_	_	start_char=106609|end_char=106616
18876	of	_	_	_	_	18875	_	_	start_char=106617|end_char=106619
18877	affection	_	_	_	_	18876	_	_	start_char=106620|end_char=106629
18878	and	_	_	_	_	18877	_	_	start_char=106630|end_char=106633
18879	reverence	_	_	_	_	18878	_	_	start_char=106634|end_char=106643
18880	that	_	_	_	_	18879	_	_	start_char=106644|end_char=106648
18881	knew	_	_	_	_	18880	_	_	start_char=106649|end_char=106653
18882	no	_	_	_	_	18881	_	_	start_char=106654|end_char=106656
18883	bounds,	_	_	_	_	18882	_	_	start_char=106657|end_char=106664
18884	yet	_	_	_	_	18883	_	_	start_char=106665|end_char=106668
18885	I	_	_	_	_	18884	_	_	start_char=106669|end_char=106670
18886	could	_	_	_	_	18885	_	_	start_char=106671|end_char=106676
18887	never	_	_	_	_	18886	_	_	start_char=106677|end_char=106682
18888	persuade	_	_	_	_	18887	_	_	start_char=106683|end_char=106691
18889	myself	_	_	_	_	18888	_	_	start_char=106692|end_char=106698
18890	to	_	_	_	_	18889	_	_	start_char=106699|end_char=106701
18891	confide	_	_	_	_	18890	_	_	start_char=106702|end_char=106709
18892	in	_	_	_	_	18891	_	_	start_char=106710|end_char=106712
18893	him	_	_	_	_	18892	_	_	start_char=106713|end_char=106716
18894	that	_	_	_	_	18893	_	_	start_char=106717|end_char=106721
18895	event	_	_	_	_	18894	_	_	start_char=106722|end_char=106727
18896	which	_	_	_	_	18895	_	_	start_char=106728|end_char=106733
18897	was	_	_	_	_	18896	_	_	start_char=106734|end_char=106737
18898	so	_	_	_	_	18897	_	_	start_char=106738|end_char=106740
18899	often	_	_	_	_	18898	_	_	start_char=106741|end_char=106746
18900	present	_	_	_	_	18899	_	_	start_char=106747|end_char=106754
18901	to	_	_	_	_	18900	_	_	start_char=106755|end_char=106757
18902	my	_	_	_	_	18901	_	_	start_char=106758|end_char=106760
18903	recollection,	_	_	_	_	18902	_	_	start_char=106761|end_char=106774
18904	but	_	_	_	_	18903	_	_	start_char=106775|end_char=106778
18905	which	_	_	_	_	18904	_	_	start_char=106779|end_char=106784
18906	I	_	_	_	_	18905	_	_	start_char=106785|end_char=106786
18907	feared	_	_	_	_	18906	_	_	start_char=106787|end_char=106793
18908	the	_	_	_	_	18907	_	_	start_char=106794|end_char=106797
18909	detail	_	_	_	_	18908	_	_	start_char=106798|end_char=106804
18910	to	_	_	_	_	18909	_	_	start_char=106805|end_char=106807
18911	another	_	_	_	_	18910	_	_	start_char=106808|end_char=106815
18912	would	_	_	_	_	18911	_	_	start_char=106816|end_char=106821
18913	only	_	_	_	_	18912	_	_	start_char=106822|end_char=106826
18914	impress	_	_	_	_	18913	_	_	start_char=106827|end_char=106834
18915	more	_	_	_	_	18914	_	_	start_char=106835|end_char=106839
18916	deeply.	_	_	_	_	18915	_	_	start_char=106840|end_char=106847
18917	M.	_	_	_	_	18916	_	_	start_char=106848|end_char=106850
18918	Krempe	_	_	_	_	18917	_	_	start_char=106851|end_char=106857
18919	was	_	_	_	_	18918	_	_	start_char=106858|end_char=106861
18920	not	_	_	_	_	18919	_	_	start_char=106862|end_char=106865
18921	equally	_	_	_	_	18920	_	_	start_char=106866|end_char=106873
18922	docile;	_	_	_	_	18921	_	_	start_char=106874|end_char=106881
18923	and	_	_	_	_	18922	_	_	start_char=106882|end_char=106885
18924	in	_	_	_	_	18923	_	_	start_char=106886|end_char=106888
18925	my	_	_	_	_	18924	_	_	start_char=106889|end_char=106891
18926	condition	_	_	_	_	18925	_	_	start_char=106892|end_char=106901
18927	at	_	_	_	_	18926	_	_	start_char=106902|end_char=106904
18928	that	_	_	_	_	18927	_	_	start_char=106905|end_char=106909
18929	time,	_	_	_	_	18928	_	_	start_char=106910|end_char=106915
18930	of	_	_	_	_	18929	_	_	start_char=106916|end_char=106918
18931	almost	_	_	_	_	18930	_	_	start_char=106919|end_char=106925
18932	insupportable	_	_	_	_	18931	_	_	start_char=106926|end_char=106939
18933	sensitiveness,	_	_	_	_	18932	_	_	start_char=106940|end_char=106954
18934	his	_	_	_	_	18933	_	_	start_char=106955|end_char=106958
18935	harsh	_	_	_	_	18934	_	_	start_char=106959|end_char=106964
18936	blunt	_	_	_	_	18935	_	_	start_char=106965|end_char=106970
18937	encomiums	_	_	_	_	18936	_	_	start_char=106971|end_char=106980
18938	gave	_	_	_	_	18937	_	_	start_char=106981|end_char=106985
18939	me	_	_	_	_	18938	_	_	start_char=106986|end_char=106988
18940	even	_	_	_	_	18939	_	_	start_char=106989|end_char=106993
18941	more	_	_	_	_	18940	_	_	start_char=106994|end_char=106998
18942	pain	_	_	_	_	18941	_	_	start_char=106999|end_char=107003
18943	than	_	_	_	_	18942	_	_	start_char=107004|end_char=107008
18944	the	_	_	_	_	18943	_	_	start_char=107009|end_char=107012
18945	benevolent	_	_	_	_	18944	_	_	start_char=107013|end_char=107023
18946	approbation	_	_	_	_	18945	_	_	start_char=107024|end_char=107035
18947	of	_	_	_	_	18946	_	_	start_char=107036|end_char=107038
18948	M.	_	_	_	_	18947	_	_	start_char=107039|end_char=107041
18949	Waldman.	_	_	_	_	18948	_	_	start_char=107042|end_char=107050
18950	“D—n	_	_	_	_	18949	_	_	start_char=107051|end_char=107055
18951	the	_	_	_	_	18950	_	_	start_char=107056|end_char=107059
18952	fellow!”	_	_	_	_	18951	_	_	start_char=107060|end_char=107068
18953	cried	_	_	_	_	18952	_	_	start_char=107069|end_char=107074
18954	he;	_	_	_	_	18953	_	_	start_char=107075|end_char=107078
18955	“why,	_	_	_	_	18954	_	_	start_char=107079|end_char=107084
18956	M.	_	_	_	_	18955	_	_	start_char=107085|end_char=107087
18957	Clerval,	_	_	_	_	18956	_	_	start_char=107088|end_char=107096
18958	I	_	_	_	_	18957	_	_	start_char=107097|end_char=107098
18959	assure	_	_	_	_	18958	_	_	start_char=107099|end_char=107105
18960	you	_	_	_	_	18959	_	_	start_char=107106|end_char=107109
18961	he	_	_	_	_	18960	_	_	start_char=107110|end_char=107112
18962	has	_	_	_	_	18961	_	_	start_char=107113|end_char=107116
18963	outstript	_	_	_	_	18962	_	_	start_char=107117|end_char=107126
18964	us	_	_	_	_	18963	_	_	start_char=107127|end_char=107129
18965	all.	_	_	_	_	18964	_	_	start_char=107130|end_char=107134
18966	Ay,	_	_	_	_	18965	_	_	start_char=107135|end_char=107138
18967	stare	_	_	_	_	18966	_	_	start_char=107139|end_char=107144
18968	if	_	_	_	_	18967	_	_	start_char=107145|end_char=107147
18969	you	_	_	_	_	18968	_	_	start_char=107148|end_char=107151
18970	please;	_	_	_	_	18969	_	_	start_char=107152|end_char=107159
18971	but	_	_	_	_	18970	_	_	start_char=107160|end_char=107163
18972	it	_	_	_	_	18971	_	_	start_char=107164|end_char=107166
18973	is	_	_	_	_	18972	_	_	start_char=107167|end_char=107169
18974	nevertheless	_	_	_	_	18973	_	_	start_char=107170|end_char=107182
18975	true.	_	_	_	_	18974	_	_	start_char=107183|end_char=107188
18976	A	_	_	_	_	18975	_	_	start_char=107189|end_char=107190
18977	youngster	_	_	_	_	18976	_	_	start_char=107191|end_char=107200
18978	who,	_	_	_	_	18977	_	_	start_char=107201|end_char=107205
18979	but	_	_	_	_	18978	_	_	start_char=107206|end_char=107209
18980	a	_	_	_	_	18979	_	_	start_char=107210|end_char=107211
18981	few	_	_	_	_	18980	_	_	start_char=107212|end_char=107215
18982	years	_	_	_	_	18981	_	_	start_char=107216|end_char=107221
18983	ago,	_	_	_	_	18982	_	_	start_char=107222|end_char=107226
18984	believed	_	_	_	_	18983	_	_	start_char=107227|end_char=107235
18985	in	_	_	_	_	18984	_	_	start_char=107236|end_char=107238
18986	Cornelius	_	_	_	_	18985	_	_	start_char=107239|end_char=107248
18987	Agrippa	_	_	_	_	18986	_	_	start_char=107249|end_char=107256
18988	as	_	_	_	_	18987	_	_	start_char=107257|end_char=107259
18989	firmly	_	_	_	_	18988	_	_	start_char=107260|end_char=107266
18990	as	_	_	_	_	18989	_	_	start_char=107267|end_char=107269
18991	in	_	_	_	_	18990	_	_	start_char=107270|end_char=107272
18992	the	_	_	_	_	18991	_	_	start_char=107273|end_char=107276
18993	gospel,	_	_	_	_	18992	_	_	start_char=107277|end_char=107284
18994	has	_	_	_	_	18993	_	_	start_char=107285|end_char=107288
18995	now	_	_	_	_	18994	_	_	start_char=107289|end_char=107292
18996	set	_	_	_	_	18995	_	_	start_char=107293|end_char=107296
18997	himself	_	_	_	_	18996	_	_	start_char=107297|end_char=107304
18998	at	_	_	_	_	18997	_	_	start_char=107305|end_char=107307
18999	the	_	_	_	_	18998	_	_	start_char=107308|end_char=107311
19000	head	_	_	_	_	18999	_	_	start_char=107312|end_char=107316
19001	of	_	_	_	_	19000	_	_	start_char=107317|end_char=107319
19002	the	_	_	_	_	19001	_	_	start_char=107320|end_char=107323
19003	university;	_	_	_	_	19002	_	_	start_char=107324|end_char=107335
19004	and	_	_	_	_	19003	_	_	start_char=107336|end_char=107339
19005	if	_	_	_	_	19004	_	_	start_char=107340|end_char=107342
19006	he	_	_	_	_	19005	_	_	start_char=107343|end_char=107345
19007	is	_	_	_	_	19006	_	_	start_char=107346|end_char=107348
19008	not	_	_	_	_	19007	_	_	start_char=107349|end_char=107352
19009	soon	_	_	_	_	19008	_	_	start_char=107353|end_char=107357
19010	pulled	_	_	_	_	19009	_	_	start_char=107358|end_char=107364
19011	down,	_	_	_	_	19010	_	_	start_char=107365|end_char=107370
19012	we	_	_	_	_	19011	_	_	start_char=107371|end_char=107373
19013	shall	_	_	_	_	19012	_	_	start_char=107374|end_char=107379
19014	all	_	_	_	_	19013	_	_	start_char=107380|end_char=107383
19015	be	_	_	_	_	19014	_	_	start_char=107384|end_char=107386
19016	out	_	_	_	_	19015	_	_	start_char=107387|end_char=107390
19017	of	_	_	_	_	19016	_	_	start_char=107391|end_char=107393
19018	countenance.—Ay,	_	_	_	_	19017	_	_	start_char=107394|end_char=107410
19019	ay,”	_	_	_	_	19018	_	_	start_char=107411|end_char=107415
19020	continued	_	_	_	_	19019	_	_	start_char=107416|end_char=107425
19021	he,	_	_	_	_	19020	_	_	start_char=107426|end_char=107429
19022	observing	_	_	_	_	19021	_	_	start_char=107430|end_char=107439
19023	my	_	_	_	_	19022	_	_	start_char=107440|end_char=107442
19024	face	_	_	_	_	19023	_	_	start_char=107443|end_char=107447
19025	expressive	_	_	_	_	19024	_	_	start_char=107448|end_char=107458
19026	of	_	_	_	_	19025	_	_	start_char=107459|end_char=107461
19027	suffering,	_	_	_	_	19026	_	_	start_char=107462|end_char=107472
19028	“M.	_	_	_	_	19027	_	_	start_char=107473|end_char=107476
19029	Frankenstein	_	_	_	_	19028	_	_	start_char=107477|end_char=107489
19030	is	_	_	_	_	19029	_	_	start_char=107490|end_char=107492
19031	modest;	_	_	_	_	19030	_	_	start_char=107493|end_char=107500
19032	an	_	_	_	_	19031	_	_	start_char=107501|end_char=107503
19033	excellent	_	_	_	_	19032	_	_	start_char=107504|end_char=107513
19034	quality	_	_	_	_	19033	_	_	start_char=107514|end_char=107521
19035	in	_	_	_	_	19034	_	_	start_char=107522|end_char=107524
19036	a	_	_	_	_	19035	_	_	start_char=107525|end_char=107526
19037	young	_	_	_	_	19036	_	_	start_char=107527|end_char=107532
19038	man.	_	_	_	_	19037	_	_	start_char=107533|end_char=107537
19039	Young	_	_	_	_	19038	_	_	start_char=107538|end_char=107543
19040	men	_	_	_	_	19039	_	_	start_char=107544|end_char=107547
19041	should	_	_	_	_	19040	_	_	start_char=107548|end_char=107554
19042	be	_	_	_	_	19041	_	_	start_char=107555|end_char=107557
19043	diffident	_	_	_	_	19042	_	_	start_char=107558|end_char=107567
19044	of	_	_	_	_	19043	_	_	start_char=107568|end_char=107570
19045	themselves,	_	_	_	_	19044	_	_	start_char=107571|end_char=107582
19046	you	_	_	_	_	19045	_	_	start_char=107583|end_char=107586
19047	know,	_	_	_	_	19046	_	_	start_char=107587|end_char=107592
19048	M.	_	_	_	_	19047	_	_	start_char=107593|end_char=107595
19049	Clerval:	_	_	_	_	19048	_	_	start_char=107596|end_char=107604
19050	I	_	_	_	_	19049	_	_	start_char=107605|end_char=107606
19051	was	_	_	_	_	19050	_	_	start_char=107607|end_char=107610
19052	myself	_	_	_	_	19051	_	_	start_char=107611|end_char=107617
19053	when	_	_	_	_	19052	_	_	start_char=107618|end_char=107622
19054	young;	_	_	_	_	19053	_	_	start_char=107623|end_char=107629
19055	but	_	_	_	_	19054	_	_	start_char=107630|end_char=107633
19056	that	_	_	_	_	19055	_	_	start_char=107634|end_char=107638
19057	wears	_	_	_	_	19056	_	_	start_char=107639|end_char=107644
19058	out	_	_	_	_	19057	_	_	start_char=107645|end_char=107648
19059	in	_	_	_	_	19058	_	_	start_char=107649|end_char=107651
19060	a	_	_	_	_	19059	_	_	start_char=107652|end_char=107653
19061	very	_	_	_	_	19060	_	_	start_char=107654|end_char=107658
19062	short	_	_	_	_	19061	_	_	start_char=107659|end_char=107664
19063	time.”	_	_	_	_	19062	_	_	start_char=107665|end_char=107671
19064	M.	_	_	_	_	19063	_	_	start_char=107672|end_char=107674
19065	Krempe	_	_	_	_	19064	_	_	start_char=107675|end_char=107681
19066	had	_	_	_	_	19065	_	_	start_char=107682|end_char=107685
19067	now	_	_	_	_	19066	_	_	start_char=107686|end_char=107689
19068	commenced	_	_	_	_	19067	_	_	start_char=107690|end_char=107699
19069	an	_	_	_	_	19068	_	_	start_char=107700|end_char=107702
19070	eulogy	_	_	_	_	19069	_	_	start_char=107703|end_char=107709
19071	on	_	_	_	_	19070	_	_	start_char=107710|end_char=107712
19072	himself,	_	_	_	_	19071	_	_	start_char=107713|end_char=107721
19073	which	_	_	_	_	19072	_	_	start_char=107722|end_char=107727
19074	happily	_	_	_	_	19073	_	_	start_char=107728|end_char=107735
19075	turned	_	_	_	_	19074	_	_	start_char=107736|end_char=107742
19076	the	_	_	_	_	19075	_	_	start_char=107743|end_char=107746
19077	conversation	_	_	_	_	19076	_	_	start_char=107747|end_char=107759
19078	from	_	_	_	_	19077	_	_	start_char=107760|end_char=107764
19079	a	_	_	_	_	19078	_	_	start_char=107765|end_char=107766
19080	subject	_	_	_	_	19079	_	_	start_char=107767|end_char=107774
19081	that	_	_	_	_	19080	_	_	start_char=107775|end_char=107779
19082	was	_	_	_	_	19081	_	_	start_char=107780|end_char=107783
19083	so	_	_	_	_	19082	_	_	start_char=107784|end_char=107786
19084	annoying	_	_	_	_	19083	_	_	start_char=107787|end_char=107795
19085	to	_	_	_	_	19084	_	_	start_char=107796|end_char=107798
19086	me.	_	_	_	_	19085	_	_	start_char=107799|end_char=107802
19087	Clerval	_	_	_	_	19086	_	_	start_char=107803|end_char=107810
19088	had	_	_	_	_	19087	_	_	start_char=107811|end_char=107814
19089	never	_	_	_	_	19088	_	_	start_char=107815|end_char=107820
19090	sympathised	_	_	_	_	19089	_	_	start_char=107821|end_char=107832
19091	in	_	_	_	_	19090	_	_	start_char=107833|end_char=107835
19092	my	_	_	_	_	19091	_	_	start_char=107836|end_char=107838
19093	tastes	_	_	_	_	19092	_	_	start_char=107839|end_char=107845
19094	for	_	_	_	_	19093	_	_	start_char=107846|end_char=107849
19095	natural	_	_	_	_	19094	_	_	start_char=107850|end_char=107857
19096	science;	_	_	_	_	19095	_	_	start_char=107858|end_char=107866
19097	and	_	_	_	_	19096	_	_	start_char=107867|end_char=107870
19098	his	_	_	_	_	19097	_	_	start_char=107871|end_char=107874
19099	literary	_	_	_	_	19098	_	_	start_char=107875|end_char=107883
19100	pursuits	_	_	_	_	19099	_	_	start_char=107884|end_char=107892
19101	differed	_	_	_	_	19100	_	_	start_char=107893|end_char=107901
19102	wholly	_	_	_	_	19101	_	_	start_char=107902|end_char=107908
19103	from	_	_	_	_	19102	_	_	start_char=107909|end_char=107913
19104	those	_	_	_	_	19103	_	_	start_char=107914|end_char=107919
19105	which	_	_	_	_	19104	_	_	start_char=107920|end_char=107925
19106	had	_	_	_	_	19105	_	_	start_char=107926|end_char=107929
19107	occupied	_	_	_	_	19106	_	_	start_char=107930|end_char=107938
19108	me.	_	_	_	_	19107	_	_	start_char=107939|end_char=107942
19109	He	_	_	_	_	19108	_	_	start_char=107943|end_char=107945
19110	came	_	_	_	_	19109	_	_	start_char=107946|end_char=107950
19111	to	_	_	_	_	19110	_	_	start_char=107951|end_char=107953
19112	the	_	_	_	_	19111	_	_	start_char=107954|end_char=107957
19113	university	_	_	_	_	19112	_	_	start_char=107958|end_char=107968
19114	with	_	_	_	_	19113	_	_	start_char=107969|end_char=107973
19115	the	_	_	_	_	19114	_	_	start_char=107974|end_char=107977
19116	design	_	_	_	_	19115	_	_	start_char=107978|end_char=107984
19117	of	_	_	_	_	19116	_	_	start_char=107985|end_char=107987
19118	making	_	_	_	_	19117	_	_	start_char=107988|end_char=107994
19119	himself	_	_	_	_	19118	_	_	start_char=107995|end_char=108002
19120	complete	_	_	_	_	19119	_	_	start_char=108003|end_char=108011
19121	master	_	_	_	_	19120	_	_	start_char=108012|end_char=108018
19122	of	_	_	_	_	19121	_	_	start_char=108019|end_char=108021
19123	the	_	_	_	_	19122	_	_	start_char=108022|end_char=108025
19124	oriental	_	_	_	_	19123	_	_	start_char=108026|end_char=108034
19125	languages,	_	_	_	_	19124	_	_	start_char=108035|end_char=108045
19126	and	_	_	_	_	19125	_	_	start_char=108046|end_char=108049
19127	thus	_	_	_	_	19126	_	_	start_char=108050|end_char=108054
19128	he	_	_	_	_	19127	_	_	start_char=108055|end_char=108057
19129	should	_	_	_	_	19128	_	_	start_char=108058|end_char=108064
19130	open	_	_	_	_	19129	_	_	start_char=108065|end_char=108069
19131	a	_	_	_	_	19130	_	_	start_char=108070|end_char=108071
19132	field	_	_	_	_	19131	_	_	start_char=108072|end_char=108077
19133	for	_	_	_	_	19132	_	_	start_char=108078|end_char=108081
19134	the	_	_	_	_	19133	_	_	start_char=108082|end_char=108085
19135	plan	_	_	_	_	19134	_	_	start_char=108086|end_char=108090
19136	of	_	_	_	_	19135	_	_	start_char=108091|end_char=108093
19137	life	_	_	_	_	19136	_	_	start_char=108094|end_char=108098
19138	he	_	_	_	_	19137	_	_	start_char=108099|end_char=108101
19139	had	_	_	_	_	19138	_	_	start_char=108102|end_char=108105
19140	marked	_	_	_	_	19139	_	_	start_char=108106|end_char=108112
19141	out	_	_	_	_	19140	_	_	start_char=108113|end_char=108116
19142	for	_	_	_	_	19141	_	_	start_char=108117|end_char=108120
19143	himself.	_	_	_	_	19142	_	_	start_char=108121|end_char=108129
19144	Resolved	_	_	_	_	19143	_	_	start_char=108130|end_char=108138
19145	to	_	_	_	_	19144	_	_	start_char=108139|end_char=108141
19146	pursue	_	_	_	_	19145	_	_	start_char=108142|end_char=108148
19147	no	_	_	_	_	19146	_	_	start_char=108149|end_char=108151
19148	inglorious	_	_	_	_	19147	_	_	start_char=108152|end_char=108162
19149	career,	_	_	_	_	19148	_	_	start_char=108163|end_char=108170
19150	he	_	_	_	_	19149	_	_	start_char=108171|end_char=108173
19151	turned	_	_	_	_	19150	_	_	start_char=108174|end_char=108180
19152	his	_	_	_	_	19151	_	_	start_char=108181|end_char=108184
19153	eyes	_	_	_	_	19152	_	_	start_char=108185|end_char=108189
19154	toward	_	_	_	_	19153	_	_	start_char=108190|end_char=108196
19155	the	_	_	_	_	19154	_	_	start_char=108197|end_char=108200
19156	East,	_	_	_	_	19155	_	_	start_char=108201|end_char=108206
19157	as	_	_	_	_	19156	_	_	start_char=108207|end_char=108209
19158	affording	_	_	_	_	19157	_	_	start_char=108210|end_char=108219
19159	scope	_	_	_	_	19158	_	_	start_char=108220|end_char=108225
19160	for	_	_	_	_	19159	_	_	start_char=108226|end_char=108229
19161	his	_	_	_	_	19160	_	_	start_char=108230|end_char=108233
19162	spirit	_	_	_	_	19161	_	_	start_char=108234|end_char=108240
19163	of	_	_	_	_	19162	_	_	start_char=108241|end_char=108243
19164	enterprise.	_	_	_	_	19163	_	_	start_char=108244|end_char=108255
19165	The	_	_	_	_	19164	_	_	start_char=108256|end_char=108259
19166	Persian,	_	_	_	_	19165	_	_	start_char=108260|end_char=108268
19167	Arabic,	_	_	_	_	19166	_	_	start_char=108269|end_char=108276
19168	and	_	_	_	_	19167	_	_	start_char=108277|end_char=108280
19169	Sanskrit	_	_	_	_	19168	_	_	start_char=108281|end_char=108289
19170	languages	_	_	_	_	19169	_	_	start_char=108290|end_char=108299
19171	engaged	_	_	_	_	19170	_	_	start_char=108300|end_char=108307
19172	his	_	_	_	_	19171	_	_	start_char=108308|end_char=108311
19173	attention,	_	_	_	_	19172	_	_	start_char=108312|end_char=108322
19174	and	_	_	_	_	19173	_	_	start_char=108323|end_char=108326
19175	I	_	_	_	_	19174	_	_	start_char=108327|end_char=108328
19176	was	_	_	_	_	19175	_	_	start_char=108329|end_char=108332
19177	easily	_	_	_	_	19176	_	_	start_char=108333|end_char=108339
19178	induced	_	_	_	_	19177	_	_	start_char=108340|end_char=108347
19179	to	_	_	_	_	19178	_	_	start_char=108348|end_char=108350
19180	enter	_	_	_	_	19179	_	_	start_char=108351|end_char=108356
19181	on	_	_	_	_	19180	_	_	start_char=108357|end_char=108359
19182	the	_	_	_	_	19181	_	_	start_char=108360|end_char=108363
19183	same	_	_	_	_	19182	_	_	start_char=108364|end_char=108368
19184	studies.	_	_	_	_	19183	_	_	start_char=108369|end_char=108377
19185	Idleness	_	_	_	_	19184	_	_	start_char=108378|end_char=108386
19186	had	_	_	_	_	19185	_	_	start_char=108387|end_char=108390
19187	ever	_	_	_	_	19186	_	_	start_char=108391|end_char=108395
19188	been	_	_	_	_	19187	_	_	start_char=108396|end_char=108400
19189	irksome	_	_	_	_	19188	_	_	start_char=108401|end_char=108408
19190	to	_	_	_	_	19189	_	_	start_char=108409|end_char=108411
19191	me,	_	_	_	_	19190	_	_	start_char=108412|end_char=108415
19192	and	_	_	_	_	19191	_	_	start_char=108416|end_char=108419
19193	now	_	_	_	_	19192	_	_	start_char=108420|end_char=108423
19194	that	_	_	_	_	19193	_	_	start_char=108424|end_char=108428
19195	I	_	_	_	_	19194	_	_	start_char=108429|end_char=108430
19196	wished	_	_	_	_	19195	_	_	start_char=108431|end_char=108437
19197	to	_	_	_	_	19196	_	_	start_char=108438|end_char=108440
19198	fly	_	_	_	_	19197	_	_	start_char=108441|end_char=108444
19199	from	_	_	_	_	19198	_	_	start_char=108445|end_char=108449
19200	reflection,	_	_	_	_	19199	_	_	start_char=108450|end_char=108461
19201	and	_	_	_	_	19200	_	_	start_char=108462|end_char=108465
19202	hated	_	_	_	_	19201	_	_	start_char=108466|end_char=108471
19203	my	_	_	_	_	19202	_	_	start_char=108472|end_char=108474
19204	former	_	_	_	_	19203	_	_	start_char=108475|end_char=108481
19205	studies,	_	_	_	_	19204	_	_	start_char=108482|end_char=108490
19206	I	_	_	_	_	19205	_	_	start_char=108491|end_char=108492
19207	felt	_	_	_	_	19206	_	_	start_char=108493|end_char=108497
19208	great	_	_	_	_	19207	_	_	start_char=108498|end_char=108503
19209	relief	_	_	_	_	19208	_	_	start_char=108504|end_char=108510
19210	in	_	_	_	_	19209	_	_	start_char=108511|end_char=108513
19211	being	_	_	_	_	19210	_	_	start_char=108514|end_char=108519
19212	the	_	_	_	_	19211	_	_	start_char=108520|end_char=108523
19213	fellow-pupil	_	_	_	_	19212	_	_	start_char=108524|end_char=108536
19214	with	_	_	_	_	19213	_	_	start_char=108537|end_char=108541
19215	my	_	_	_	_	19214	_	_	start_char=108542|end_char=108544
19216	friend,	_	_	_	_	19215	_	_	start_char=108545|end_char=108552
19217	and	_	_	_	_	19216	_	_	start_char=108553|end_char=108556
19218	found	_	_	_	_	19217	_	_	start_char=108557|end_char=108562
19219	not	_	_	_	_	19218	_	_	start_char=108563|end_char=108566
19220	only	_	_	_	_	19219	_	_	start_char=108567|end_char=108571
19221	instruction	_	_	_	_	19220	_	_	start_char=108572|end_char=108583
19222	but	_	_	_	_	19221	_	_	start_char=108584|end_char=108587
19223	consolation	_	_	_	_	19222	_	_	start_char=108588|end_char=108599
19224	in	_	_	_	_	19223	_	_	start_char=108600|end_char=108602
19225	the	_	_	_	_	19224	_	_	start_char=108603|end_char=108606
19226	works	_	_	_	_	19225	_	_	start_char=108607|end_char=108612
19227	of	_	_	_	_	19226	_	_	start_char=108613|end_char=108615
19228	the	_	_	_	_	19227	_	_	start_char=108616|end_char=108619
19229	orientalists.	_	_	_	_	19228	_	_	start_char=108620|end_char=108633
19230	I	_	_	_	_	19229	_	_	start_char=108634|end_char=108635
19231	did	_	_	_	_	19230	_	_	start_char=108636|end_char=108639
19232	not,	_	_	_	_	19231	_	_	start_char=108640|end_char=108644
19233	like	_	_	_	_	19232	_	_	start_char=108645|end_char=108649
19234	him,	_	_	_	_	19233	_	_	start_char=108650|end_char=108654
19235	attempt	_	_	_	_	19234	_	_	start_char=108655|end_char=108662
19236	a	_	_	_	_	19235	_	_	start_char=108663|end_char=108664
19237	critical	_	_	_	_	19236	_	_	start_char=108665|end_char=108673
19238	knowledge	_	_	_	_	19237	_	_	start_char=108674|end_char=108683
19239	of	_	_	_	_	19238	_	_	start_char=108684|end_char=108686
19240	their	_	_	_	_	19239	_	_	start_char=108687|end_char=108692
19241	dialects,	_	_	_	_	19240	_	_	start_char=108693|end_char=108702
19242	for	_	_	_	_	19241	_	_	start_char=108703|end_char=108706
19243	I	_	_	_	_	19242	_	_	start_char=108707|end_char=108708
19244	did	_	_	_	_	19243	_	_	start_char=108709|end_char=108712
19245	not	_	_	_	_	19244	_	_	start_char=108713|end_char=108716
19246	contemplate	_	_	_	_	19245	_	_	start_char=108717|end_char=108728
19247	making	_	_	_	_	19246	_	_	start_char=108729|end_char=108735
19248	any	_	_	_	_	19247	_	_	start_char=108736|end_char=108739
19249	other	_	_	_	_	19248	_	_	start_char=108740|end_char=108745
19250	use	_	_	_	_	19249	_	_	start_char=108746|end_char=108749
19251	of	_	_	_	_	19250	_	_	start_char=108750|end_char=108752
19252	them	_	_	_	_	19251	_	_	start_char=108753|end_char=108757
19253	than	_	_	_	_	19252	_	_	start_char=108758|end_char=108762
19254	temporary	_	_	_	_	19253	_	_	start_char=108763|end_char=108772
19255	amusement.	_	_	_	_	19254	_	_	start_char=108773|end_char=108783
19256	I	_	_	_	_	19255	_	_	start_char=108784|end_char=108785
19257	read	_	_	_	_	19256	_	_	start_char=108786|end_char=108790
19258	merely	_	_	_	_	19257	_	_	start_char=108791|end_char=108797
19259	to	_	_	_	_	19258	_	_	start_char=108798|end_char=108800
19260	understand	_	_	_	_	19259	_	_	start_char=108801|end_char=108811
19261	their	_	_	_	_	19260	_	_	start_char=108812|end_char=108817
19262	meaning,	_	_	_	_	19261	_	_	start_char=108818|end_char=108826
19263	and	_	_	_	_	19262	_	_	start_char=108827|end_char=108830
19264	they	_	_	_	_	19263	_	_	start_char=108831|end_char=108835
19265	well	_	_	_	_	19264	_	_	start_char=108836|end_char=108840
19266	repaid	_	_	_	_	19265	_	_	start_char=108841|end_char=108847
19267	my	_	_	_	_	19266	_	_	start_char=108848|end_char=108850
19268	labours.	_	_	_	_	19267	_	_	start_char=108851|end_char=108859
19269	Their	_	_	_	_	19268	_	_	start_char=108860|end_char=108865
19270	melancholy	_	_	_	_	19269	_	_	start_char=108866|end_char=108876
19271	is	_	_	_	_	19270	_	_	start_char=108877|end_char=108879
19272	soothing,	_	_	_	_	19271	_	_	start_char=108880|end_char=108889
19273	and	_	_	_	_	19272	_	_	start_char=108890|end_char=108893
19274	their	_	_	_	_	19273	_	_	start_char=108894|end_char=108899
19275	joy	_	_	_	_	19274	_	_	start_char=108900|end_char=108903
19276	elevating,	_	_	_	_	19275	_	_	start_char=108904|end_char=108914
19277	to	_	_	_	_	19276	_	_	start_char=108915|end_char=108917
19278	a	_	_	_	_	19277	_	_	start_char=108918|end_char=108919
19279	degree	_	_	_	_	19278	_	_	start_char=108920|end_char=108926
19280	I	_	_	_	_	19279	_	_	start_char=108927|end_char=108928
19281	never	_	_	_	_	19280	_	_	start_char=108929|end_char=108934
19282	experienced	_	_	_	_	19281	_	_	start_char=108935|end_char=108946
19283	in	_	_	_	_	19282	_	_	start_char=108947|end_char=108949
19284	studying	_	_	_	_	19283	_	_	start_char=108950|end_char=108958
19285	the	_	_	_	_	19284	_	_	start_char=108959|end_char=108962
19286	authors	_	_	_	_	19285	_	_	start_char=108963|end_char=108970
19287	of	_	_	_	_	19286	_	_	start_char=108971|end_char=108973
19288	any	_	_	_	_	19287	_	_	start_char=108974|end_char=108977
19289	other	_	_	_	_	19288	_	_	start_char=108978|end_char=108983
19290	country.	_	_	_	_	19289	_	_	start_char=108984|end_char=108992
19291	When	_	_	_	_	19290	_	_	start_char=108993|end_char=108997
19292	you	_	_	_	_	19291	_	_	start_char=108998|end_char=109001
19293	read	_	_	_	_	19292	_	_	start_char=109002|end_char=109006
19294	their	_	_	_	_	19293	_	_	start_char=109007|end_char=109012
19295	writings,	_	_	_	_	19294	_	_	start_char=109013|end_char=109022
19296	life	_	_	_	_	19295	_	_	start_char=109023|end_char=109027
19297	appears	_	_	_	_	19296	_	_	start_char=109028|end_char=109035
19298	to	_	_	_	_	19297	_	_	start_char=109036|end_char=109038
19299	consist	_	_	_	_	19298	_	_	start_char=109039|end_char=109046
19300	in	_	_	_	_	19299	_	_	start_char=109047|end_char=109049
19301	a	_	_	_	_	19300	_	_	start_char=109050|end_char=109051
19302	warm	_	_	_	_	19301	_	_	start_char=109052|end_char=109056
19303	sun	_	_	_	_	19302	_	_	start_char=109057|end_char=109060
19304	and	_	_	_	_	19303	_	_	start_char=109061|end_char=109064
19305	a	_	_	_	_	19304	_	_	start_char=109065|end_char=109066
19306	garden	_	_	_	_	19305	_	_	start_char=109067|end_char=109073
19307	of	_	_	_	_	19306	_	_	start_char=109074|end_char=109076
19308	roses,—in	_	_	_	_	19307	_	_	start_char=109077|end_char=109086
19309	the	_	_	_	_	19308	_	_	start_char=109087|end_char=109090
19310	smiles	_	_	_	_	19309	_	_	start_char=109091|end_char=109097
19311	and	_	_	_	_	19310	_	_	start_char=109098|end_char=109101
19312	frowns	_	_	_	_	19311	_	_	start_char=109102|end_char=109108
19313	of	_	_	_	_	19312	_	_	start_char=109109|end_char=109111
19314	a	_	_	_	_	19313	_	_	start_char=109112|end_char=109113
19315	fair	_	_	_	_	19314	_	_	start_char=109114|end_char=109118
19316	enemy,	_	_	_	_	19315	_	_	start_char=109119|end_char=109125
19317	and	_	_	_	_	19316	_	_	start_char=109126|end_char=109129
19318	the	_	_	_	_	19317	_	_	start_char=109130|end_char=109133
19319	fire	_	_	_	_	19318	_	_	start_char=109134|end_char=109138
19320	that	_	_	_	_	19319	_	_	start_char=109139|end_char=109143
19321	consumes	_	_	_	_	19320	_	_	start_char=109144|end_char=109152
19322	your	_	_	_	_	19321	_	_	start_char=109153|end_char=109157
19323	own	_	_	_	_	19322	_	_	start_char=109158|end_char=109161
19324	heart.	_	_	_	_	19323	_	_	start_char=109162|end_char=109168
19325	How	_	_	_	_	19324	_	_	start_char=109169|end_char=109172
19326	different	_	_	_	_	19325	_	_	start_char=109173|end_char=109182
19327	from	_	_	_	_	19326	_	_	start_char=109183|end_char=109187
19328	the	_	_	_	_	19327	_	_	start_char=109188|end_char=109191
19329	manly	_	_	_	_	19328	_	_	start_char=109192|end_char=109197
19330	and	_	_	_	_	19329	_	_	start_char=109198|end_char=109201
19331	heroical	_	_	_	_	19330	_	_	start_char=109202|end_char=109210
19332	poetry	_	_	_	_	19331	_	_	start_char=109211|end_char=109217
19333	of	_	_	_	_	19332	_	_	start_char=109218|end_char=109220
19334	Greece	_	_	_	_	19333	_	_	start_char=109221|end_char=109227
19335	and	_	_	_	_	19334	_	_	start_char=109228|end_char=109231
19336	Rome!	_	_	_	_	19335	_	_	start_char=109232|end_char=109237
19337	Summer	_	_	_	_	19336	_	_	start_char=109238|end_char=109244
19338	passed	_	_	_	_	19337	_	_	start_char=109245|end_char=109251
19339	away	_	_	_	_	19338	_	_	start_char=109252|end_char=109256
19340	in	_	_	_	_	19339	_	_	start_char=109257|end_char=109259
19341	these	_	_	_	_	19340	_	_	start_char=109260|end_char=109265
19342	occupations,	_	_	_	_	19341	_	_	start_char=109266|end_char=109278
19343	and	_	_	_	_	19342	_	_	start_char=109279|end_char=109282
19344	my	_	_	_	_	19343	_	_	start_char=109283|end_char=109285
19345	return	_	_	_	_	19344	_	_	start_char=109286|end_char=109292
19346	to	_	_	_	_	19345	_	_	start_char=109293|end_char=109295
19347	Geneva	_	_	_	_	19346	_	_	start_char=109296|end_char=109302
19348	was	_	_	_	_	19347	_	_	start_char=109303|end_char=109306
19349	fixed	_	_	_	_	19348	_	_	start_char=109307|end_char=109312
19350	for	_	_	_	_	19349	_	_	start_char=109313|end_char=109316
19351	the	_	_	_	_	19350	_	_	start_char=109317|end_char=109320
19352	latter	_	_	_	_	19351	_	_	start_char=109321|end_char=109327
19353	end	_	_	_	_	19352	_	_	start_char=109328|end_char=109331
19354	of	_	_	_	_	19353	_	_	start_char=109332|end_char=109334
19355	autumn;	_	_	_	_	19354	_	_	start_char=109335|end_char=109342
19356	but	_	_	_	_	19355	_	_	start_char=109343|end_char=109346
19357	being	_	_	_	_	19356	_	_	start_char=109347|end_char=109352
19358	delayed	_	_	_	_	19357	_	_	start_char=109353|end_char=109360
19359	by	_	_	_	_	19358	_	_	start_char=109361|end_char=109363
19360	several	_	_	_	_	19359	_	_	start_char=109364|end_char=109371
19361	accidents,	_	_	_	_	19360	_	_	start_char=109372|end_char=109382
19362	winter	_	_	_	_	19361	_	_	start_char=109383|end_char=109389
19363	and	_	_	_	_	19362	_	_	start_char=109390|end_char=109393
19364	snow	_	_	_	_	19363	_	_	start_char=109394|end_char=109398
19365	arrived,	_	_	_	_	19364	_	_	start_char=109399|end_char=109407
19366	the	_	_	_	_	19365	_	_	start_char=109408|end_char=109411
19367	roads	_	_	_	_	19366	_	_	start_char=109412|end_char=109417
19368	were	_	_	_	_	19367	_	_	start_char=109418|end_char=109422
19369	deemed	_	_	_	_	19368	_	_	start_char=109423|end_char=109429
19370	impassable,	_	_	_	_	19369	_	_	start_char=109430|end_char=109441
19371	and	_	_	_	_	19370	_	_	start_char=109442|end_char=109445
19372	my	_	_	_	_	19371	_	_	start_char=109446|end_char=109448
19373	journey	_	_	_	_	19372	_	_	start_char=109449|end_char=109456
19374	was	_	_	_	_	19373	_	_	start_char=109457|end_char=109460
19375	retarded	_	_	_	_	19374	_	_	start_char=109461|end_char=109469
19376	until	_	_	_	_	19375	_	_	start_char=109470|end_char=109475
19377	the	_	_	_	_	19376	_	_	start_char=109476|end_char=109479
19378	ensuing	_	_	_	_	19377	_	_	start_char=109480|end_char=109487
19379	spring.	_	_	_	_	19378	_	_	start_char=109488|end_char=109495
19380	I	_	_	_	_	19379	_	_	start_char=109496|end_char=109497
19381	felt	_	_	_	_	19380	_	_	start_char=109498|end_char=109502
19382	this	_	_	_	_	19381	_	_	start_char=109503|end_char=109507
19383	delay	_	_	_	_	19382	_	_	start_char=109508|end_char=109513
19384	very	_	_	_	_	19383	_	_	start_char=109514|end_char=109518
19385	bitterly;	_	_	_	_	19384	_	_	start_char=109519|end_char=109528
19386	for	_	_	_	_	19385	_	_	start_char=109529|end_char=109532
19387	I	_	_	_	_	19386	_	_	start_char=109533|end_char=109534
19388	longed	_	_	_	_	19387	_	_	start_char=109535|end_char=109541
19389	to	_	_	_	_	19388	_	_	start_char=109542|end_char=109544
19390	see	_	_	_	_	19389	_	_	start_char=109545|end_char=109548
19391	my	_	_	_	_	19390	_	_	start_char=109549|end_char=109551
19392	native	_	_	_	_	19391	_	_	start_char=109552|end_char=109558
19393	town	_	_	_	_	19392	_	_	start_char=109559|end_char=109563
19394	and	_	_	_	_	19393	_	_	start_char=109564|end_char=109567
19395	my	_	_	_	_	19394	_	_	start_char=109568|end_char=109570
19396	beloved	_	_	_	_	19395	_	_	start_char=109571|end_char=109578
19397	friends.	_	_	_	_	19396	_	_	start_char=109579|end_char=109587
19398	My	_	_	_	_	19397	_	_	start_char=109588|end_char=109590
19399	return	_	_	_	_	19398	_	_	start_char=109591|end_char=109597
19400	had	_	_	_	_	19399	_	_	start_char=109598|end_char=109601
19401	only	_	_	_	_	19400	_	_	start_char=109602|end_char=109606
19402	been	_	_	_	_	19401	_	_	start_char=109607|end_char=109611
19403	delayed	_	_	_	_	19402	_	_	start_char=109612|end_char=109619
19404	so	_	_	_	_	19403	_	_	start_char=109620|end_char=109622
19405	long,	_	_	_	_	19404	_	_	start_char=109623|end_char=109628
19406	from	_	_	_	_	19405	_	_	start_char=109629|end_char=109633
19407	an	_	_	_	_	19406	_	_	start_char=109634|end_char=109636
19408	unwillingness	_	_	_	_	19407	_	_	start_char=109637|end_char=109650
19409	to	_	_	_	_	19408	_	_	start_char=109651|end_char=109653
19410	leave	_	_	_	_	19409	_	_	start_char=109654|end_char=109659
19411	Clerval	_	_	_	_	19410	_	_	start_char=109660|end_char=109667
19412	in	_	_	_	_	19411	_	_	start_char=109668|end_char=109670
19413	a	_	_	_	_	19412	_	_	start_char=109671|end_char=109672
19414	strange	_	_	_	_	19413	_	_	start_char=109673|end_char=109680
19415	place,	_	_	_	_	19414	_	_	start_char=109681|end_char=109687
19416	before	_	_	_	_	19415	_	_	start_char=109688|end_char=109694
19417	he	_	_	_	_	19416	_	_	start_char=109695|end_char=109697
19418	had	_	_	_	_	19417	_	_	start_char=109698|end_char=109701
19419	become	_	_	_	_	19418	_	_	start_char=109702|end_char=109708
19420	acquainted	_	_	_	_	19419	_	_	start_char=109709|end_char=109719
19421	with	_	_	_	_	19420	_	_	start_char=109720|end_char=109724
19422	any	_	_	_	_	19421	_	_	start_char=109725|end_char=109728
19423	of	_	_	_	_	19422	_	_	start_char=109729|end_char=109731
19424	its	_	_	_	_	19423	_	_	start_char=109732|end_char=109735
19425	inhabitants.	_	_	_	_	19424	_	_	start_char=109736|end_char=109748
19426	The	_	_	_	_	19425	_	_	start_char=109749|end_char=109752
19427	winter,	_	_	_	_	19426	_	_	start_char=109753|end_char=109760
19428	however,	_	_	_	_	19427	_	_	start_char=109761|end_char=109769
19429	was	_	_	_	_	19428	_	_	start_char=109770|end_char=109773
19430	spent	_	_	_	_	19429	_	_	start_char=109774|end_char=109779
19431	cheerfully;	_	_	_	_	19430	_	_	start_char=109780|end_char=109791
19432	and	_	_	_	_	19431	_	_	start_char=109792|end_char=109795
19433	although	_	_	_	_	19432	_	_	start_char=109796|end_char=109804
19434	the	_	_	_	_	19433	_	_	start_char=109805|end_char=109808
19435	spring	_	_	_	_	19434	_	_	start_char=109809|end_char=109815
19436	was	_	_	_	_	19435	_	_	start_char=109816|end_char=109819
19437	uncommonly	_	_	_	_	19436	_	_	start_char=109820|end_char=109830
19438	late,	_	_	_	_	19437	_	_	start_char=109831|end_char=109836
19439	when	_	_	_	_	19438	_	_	start_char=109837|end_char=109841
19440	it	_	_	_	_	19439	_	_	start_char=109842|end_char=109844
19441	came	_	_	_	_	19440	_	_	start_char=109845|end_char=109849
19442	its	_	_	_	_	19441	_	_	start_char=109850|end_char=109853
19443	beauty	_	_	_	_	19442	_	_	start_char=109854|end_char=109860
19444	compensated	_	_	_	_	19443	_	_	start_char=109861|end_char=109872
19445	for	_	_	_	_	19444	_	_	start_char=109873|end_char=109876
19446	its	_	_	_	_	19445	_	_	start_char=109877|end_char=109880
19447	dilatoriness.	_	_	_	_	19446	_	_	start_char=109881|end_char=109894
19448	The	_	_	_	_	19447	_	_	start_char=109895|end_char=109898
19449	month	_	_	_	_	19448	_	_	start_char=109899|end_char=109904
19450	of	_	_	_	_	19449	_	_	start_char=109905|end_char=109907
19451	May	_	_	_	_	19450	_	_	start_char=109908|end_char=109911
19452	had	_	_	_	_	19451	_	_	start_char=109912|end_char=109915
19453	already	_	_	_	_	19452	_	_	start_char=109916|end_char=109923
19454	commenced,	_	_	_	_	19453	_	_	start_char=109924|end_char=109934
19455	and	_	_	_	_	19454	_	_	start_char=109935|end_char=109938
19456	I	_	_	_	_	19455	_	_	start_char=109939|end_char=109940
19457	expected	_	_	_	_	19456	_	_	start_char=109941|end_char=109949
19458	the	_	_	_	_	19457	_	_	start_char=109950|end_char=109953
19459	letter	_	_	_	_	19458	_	_	start_char=109954|end_char=109960
19460	daily	_	_	_	_	19459	_	_	start_char=109961|end_char=109966
19461	which	_	_	_	_	19460	_	_	start_char=109967|end_char=109972
19462	was	_	_	_	_	19461	_	_	start_char=109973|end_char=109976
19463	to	_	_	_	_	19462	_	_	start_char=109977|end_char=109979
19464	fix	_	_	_	_	19463	_	_	start_char=109980|end_char=109983
19465	the	_	_	_	_	19464	_	_	start_char=109984|end_char=109987
19466	date	_	_	_	_	19465	_	_	start_char=109988|end_char=109992
19467	of	_	_	_	_	19466	_	_	start_char=109993|end_char=109995
19468	my	_	_	_	_	19467	_	_	start_char=109996|end_char=109998
19469	departure,	_	_	_	_	19468	_	_	start_char=109999|end_char=110009
19470	when	_	_	_	_	19469	_	_	start_char=110010|end_char=110014
19471	Henry	_	_	_	_	19470	_	_	start_char=110015|end_char=110020
19472	proposed	_	_	_	_	19471	_	_	start_char=110021|end_char=110029
19473	a	_	_	_	_	19472	_	_	start_char=110030|end_char=110031
19474	pedestrian	_	_	_	_	19473	_	_	start_char=110032|end_char=110042
19475	tour	_	_	_	_	19474	_	_	start_char=110043|end_char=110047
19476	in	_	_	_	_	19475	_	_	start_char=110048|end_char=110050
19477	the	_	_	_	_	19476	_	_	start_char=110051|end_char=110054
19478	environs	_	_	_	_	19477	_	_	start_char=110055|end_char=110063
19479	of	_	_	_	_	19478	_	_	start_char=110064|end_char=110066
19480	Ingolstadt,	_	_	_	_	19479	_	_	start_char=110067|end_char=110078
19481	that	_	_	_	_	19480	_	_	start_char=110079|end_char=110083
19482	I	_	_	_	_	19481	_	_	start_char=110084|end_char=110085
19483	might	_	_	_	_	19482	_	_	start_char=110086|end_char=110091
19484	bid	_	_	_	_	19483	_	_	start_char=110092|end_char=110095
19485	a	_	_	_	_	19484	_	_	start_char=110096|end_char=110097
19486	personal	_	_	_	_	19485	_	_	start_char=110098|end_char=110106
19487	farewell	_	_	_	_	19486	_	_	start_char=110107|end_char=110115
19488	to	_	_	_	_	19487	_	_	start_char=110116|end_char=110118
19489	the	_	_	_	_	19488	_	_	start_char=110119|end_char=110122
19490	country	_	_	_	_	19489	_	_	start_char=110123|end_char=110130
19491	I	_	_	_	_	19490	_	_	start_char=110131|end_char=110132
19492	had	_	_	_	_	19491	_	_	start_char=110133|end_char=110136
19493	so	_	_	_	_	19492	_	_	start_char=110137|end_char=110139
19494	long	_	_	_	_	19493	_	_	start_char=110140|end_char=110144
19495	inhabited.	_	_	_	_	19494	_	_	start_char=110145|end_char=110155
19496	I	_	_	_	_	19495	_	_	start_char=110156|end_char=110157
19497	acceded	_	_	_	_	19496	_	_	start_char=110158|end_char=110165
19498	with	_	_	_	_	19497	_	_	start_char=110166|end_char=110170
19499	pleasure	_	_	_	_	19498	_	_	start_char=110171|end_char=110179
19500	to	_	_	_	_	19499	_	_	start_char=110180|end_char=110182
19501	this	_	_	_	_	19500	_	_	start_char=110183|end_char=110187
19502	proposition:	_	_	_	_	19501	_	_	start_char=110188|end_char=110200
19503	I	_	_	_	_	19502	_	_	start_char=110201|end_char=110202
19504	was	_	_	_	_	19503	_	_	start_char=110203|end_char=110206
19505	fond	_	_	_	_	19504	_	_	start_char=110207|end_char=110211
19506	of	_	_	_	_	19505	_	_	start_char=110212|end_char=110214
19507	exercise,	_	_	_	_	19506	_	_	start_char=110215|end_char=110224
19508	and	_	_	_	_	19507	_	_	start_char=110225|end_char=110228
19509	Clerval	_	_	_	_	19508	_	_	start_char=110229|end_char=110236
19510	had	_	_	_	_	19509	_	_	start_char=110237|end_char=110240
19511	always	_	_	_	_	19510	_	_	start_char=110241|end_char=110247
19512	been	_	_	_	_	19511	_	_	start_char=110248|end_char=110252
19513	my	_	_	_	_	19512	_	_	start_char=110253|end_char=110255
19514	favourite	_	_	_	_	19513	_	_	start_char=110256|end_char=110265
19515	companion	_	_	_	_	19514	_	_	start_char=110266|end_char=110275
19516	in	_	_	_	_	19515	_	_	start_char=110276|end_char=110278
19517	the	_	_	_	_	19516	_	_	start_char=110279|end_char=110282
19518	ramble	_	_	_	_	19517	_	_	start_char=110283|end_char=110289
19519	of	_	_	_	_	19518	_	_	start_char=110290|end_char=110292
19520	this	_	_	_	_	19519	_	_	start_char=110293|end_char=110297
19521	nature	_	_	_	_	19520	_	_	start_char=110298|end_char=110304
19522	that	_	_	_	_	19521	_	_	start_char=110305|end_char=110309
19523	I	_	_	_	_	19522	_	_	start_char=110310|end_char=110311
19524	had	_	_	_	_	19523	_	_	start_char=110312|end_char=110315
19525	taken	_	_	_	_	19524	_	_	start_char=110316|end_char=110321
19526	among	_	_	_	_	19525	_	_	start_char=110322|end_char=110327
19527	the	_	_	_	_	19526	_	_	start_char=110328|end_char=110331
19528	scenes	_	_	_	_	19527	_	_	start_char=110332|end_char=110338
19529	of	_	_	_	_	19528	_	_	start_char=110339|end_char=110341
19530	my	_	_	_	_	19529	_	_	start_char=110342|end_char=110344
19531	native	_	_	_	_	19530	_	_	start_char=110345|end_char=110351
19532	country.	_	_	_	_	19531	_	_	start_char=110352|end_char=110360
19533	We	_	_	_	_	19532	_	_	start_char=110361|end_char=110363
19534	passed	_	_	_	_	19533	_	_	start_char=110364|end_char=110370
19535	a	_	_	_	_	19534	_	_	start_char=110371|end_char=110372
19536	fortnight	_	_	_	_	19535	_	_	start_char=110373|end_char=110382
19537	in	_	_	_	_	19536	_	_	start_char=110383|end_char=110385
19538	these	_	_	_	_	19537	_	_	start_char=110386|end_char=110391
19539	perambulations:	_	_	_	_	19538	_	_	start_char=110392|end_char=110407
19540	my	_	_	_	_	19539	_	_	start_char=110408|end_char=110410
19541	health	_	_	_	_	19540	_	_	start_char=110411|end_char=110417
19542	and	_	_	_	_	19541	_	_	start_char=110418|end_char=110421
19543	spirits	_	_	_	_	19542	_	_	start_char=110422|end_char=110429
19544	had	_	_	_	_	19543	_	_	start_char=110430|end_char=110433
19545	long	_	_	_	_	19544	_	_	start_char=110434|end_char=110438
19546	been	_	_	_	_	19545	_	_	start_char=110439|end_char=110443
19547	restored,	_	_	_	_	19546	_	_	start_char=110444|end_char=110453
19548	and	_	_	_	_	19547	_	_	start_char=110454|end_char=110457
19549	they	_	_	_	_	19548	_	_	start_char=110458|end_char=110462
19550	gained	_	_	_	_	19549	_	_	start_char=110463|end_char=110469
19551	additional	_	_	_	_	19550	_	_	start_char=110470|end_char=110480
19552	strength	_	_	_	_	19551	_	_	start_char=110481|end_char=110489
19553	from	_	_	_	_	19552	_	_	start_char=110490|end_char=110494
19554	the	_	_	_	_	19553	_	_	start_char=110495|end_char=110498
19555	salubrious	_	_	_	_	19554	_	_	start_char=110499|end_char=110509
19556	air	_	_	_	_	19555	_	_	start_char=110510|end_char=110513
19557	I	_	_	_	_	19556	_	_	start_char=110514|end_char=110515
19558	breathed,	_	_	_	_	19557	_	_	start_char=110516|end_char=110525
19559	the	_	_	_	_	19558	_	_	start_char=110526|end_char=110529
19560	natural	_	_	_	_	19559	_	_	start_char=110530|end_char=110537
19561	incidents	_	_	_	_	19560	_	_	start_char=110538|end_char=110547
19562	of	_	_	_	_	19561	_	_	start_char=110548|end_char=110550
19563	our	_	_	_	_	19562	_	_	start_char=110551|end_char=110554
19564	progress,	_	_	_	_	19563	_	_	start_char=110555|end_char=110564
19565	and	_	_	_	_	19564	_	_	start_char=110565|end_char=110568
19566	the	_	_	_	_	19565	_	_	start_char=110569|end_char=110572
19567	conversation	_	_	_	_	19566	_	_	start_char=110573|end_char=110585
19568	of	_	_	_	_	19567	_	_	start_char=110586|end_char=110588
19569	my	_	_	_	_	19568	_	_	start_char=110589|end_char=110591
19570	friend.	_	_	_	_	19569	_	_	start_char=110592|end_char=110599
19571	Study	_	_	_	_	19570	_	_	start_char=110600|end_char=110605
19572	had	_	_	_	_	19571	_	_	start_char=110606|end_char=110609
19573	before	_	_	_	_	19572	_	_	start_char=110610|end_char=110616
19574	secluded	_	_	_	_	19573	_	_	start_char=110617|end_char=110625
19575	me	_	_	_	_	19574	_	_	start_char=110626|end_char=110628
19576	from	_	_	_	_	19575	_	_	start_char=110629|end_char=110633
19577	the	_	_	_	_	19576	_	_	start_char=110634|end_char=110637
19578	intercourse	_	_	_	_	19577	_	_	start_char=110638|end_char=110649
19579	of	_	_	_	_	19578	_	_	start_char=110650|end_char=110652
19580	my	_	_	_	_	19579	_	_	start_char=110653|end_char=110655
19581	fellow-creatures,	_	_	_	_	19580	_	_	start_char=110656|end_char=110673
19582	and	_	_	_	_	19581	_	_	start_char=110674|end_char=110677
19583	rendered	_	_	_	_	19582	_	_	start_char=110678|end_char=110686
19584	me	_	_	_	_	19583	_	_	start_char=110687|end_char=110689
19585	unsocial;	_	_	_	_	19584	_	_	start_char=110690|end_char=110699
19586	but	_	_	_	_	19585	_	_	start_char=110700|end_char=110703
19587	Clerval	_	_	_	_	19586	_	_	start_char=110704|end_char=110711
19588	called	_	_	_	_	19587	_	_	start_char=110712|end_char=110718
19589	forth	_	_	_	_	19588	_	_	start_char=110719|end_char=110724
19590	the	_	_	_	_	19589	_	_	start_char=110725|end_char=110728
19591	better	_	_	_	_	19590	_	_	start_char=110729|end_char=110735
19592	feelings	_	_	_	_	19591	_	_	start_char=110736|end_char=110744
19593	of	_	_	_	_	19592	_	_	start_char=110745|end_char=110747
19594	my	_	_	_	_	19593	_	_	start_char=110748|end_char=110750
19595	heart;	_	_	_	_	19594	_	_	start_char=110751|end_char=110757
19596	he	_	_	_	_	19595	_	_	start_char=110758|end_char=110760
19597	again	_	_	_	_	19596	_	_	start_char=110761|end_char=110766
19598	taught	_	_	_	_	19597	_	_	start_char=110767|end_char=110773
19599	me	_	_	_	_	19598	_	_	start_char=110774|end_char=110776
19600	to	_	_	_	_	19599	_	_	start_char=110777|end_char=110779
19601	love	_	_	_	_	19600	_	_	start_char=110780|end_char=110784
19602	the	_	_	_	_	19601	_	_	start_char=110785|end_char=110788
19603	aspect	_	_	_	_	19602	_	_	start_char=110789|end_char=110795
19604	of	_	_	_	_	19603	_	_	start_char=110796|end_char=110798
19605	nature,	_	_	_	_	19604	_	_	start_char=110799|end_char=110806
19606	and	_	_	_	_	19605	_	_	start_char=110807|end_char=110810
19607	the	_	_	_	_	19606	_	_	start_char=110811|end_char=110814
19608	cheerful	_	_	_	_	19607	_	_	start_char=110815|end_char=110823
19609	faces	_	_	_	_	19608	_	_	start_char=110824|end_char=110829
19610	of	_	_	_	_	19609	_	_	start_char=110830|end_char=110832
19611	children.	_	_	_	_	19610	_	_	start_char=110833|end_char=110842
19612	Excellent	_	_	_	_	19611	_	_	start_char=110843|end_char=110852
19613	friend!	_	_	_	_	19612	_	_	start_char=110853|end_char=110860
19614	how	_	_	_	_	19613	_	_	start_char=110861|end_char=110864
19615	sincerely	_	_	_	_	19614	_	_	start_char=110865|end_char=110874
19616	you	_	_	_	_	19615	_	_	start_char=110875|end_char=110878
19617	did	_	_	_	_	19616	_	_	start_char=110879|end_char=110882
19618	love	_	_	_	_	19617	_	_	start_char=110883|end_char=110887
19619	me,	_	_	_	_	19618	_	_	start_char=110888|end_char=110891
19620	and	_	_	_	_	19619	_	_	start_char=110892|end_char=110895
19621	endeavour	_	_	_	_	19620	_	_	start_char=110896|end_char=110905
19622	to	_	_	_	_	19621	_	_	start_char=110906|end_char=110908
19623	elevate	_	_	_	_	19622	_	_	start_char=110909|end_char=110916
19624	my	_	_	_	_	19623	_	_	start_char=110917|end_char=110919
19625	mind	_	_	_	_	19624	_	_	start_char=110920|end_char=110924
19626	until	_	_	_	_	19625	_	_	start_char=110925|end_char=110930
19627	it	_	_	_	_	19626	_	_	start_char=110931|end_char=110933
19628	was	_	_	_	_	19627	_	_	start_char=110934|end_char=110937
19629	on	_	_	_	_	19628	_	_	start_char=110938|end_char=110940
19630	a	_	_	_	_	19629	_	_	start_char=110941|end_char=110942
19631	level	_	_	_	_	19630	_	_	start_char=110943|end_char=110948
19632	with	_	_	_	_	19631	_	_	start_char=110949|end_char=110953
19633	your	_	_	_	_	19632	_	_	start_char=110954|end_char=110958
19634	own.	_	_	_	_	19633	_	_	start_char=110959|end_char=110963
19635	A	_	_	_	_	19634	_	_	start_char=110964|end_char=110965
19636	selfish	_	_	_	_	19635	_	_	start_char=110966|end_char=110973
19637	pursuit	_	_	_	_	19636	_	_	start_char=110974|end_char=110981
19638	had	_	_	_	_	19637	_	_	start_char=110982|end_char=110985
19639	cramped	_	_	_	_	19638	_	_	start_char=110986|end_char=110993
19640	and	_	_	_	_	19639	_	_	start_char=110994|end_char=110997
19641	narrowed	_	_	_	_	19640	_	_	start_char=110998|end_char=111006
19642	me,	_	_	_	_	19641	_	_	start_char=111007|end_char=111010
19643	until	_	_	_	_	19642	_	_	start_char=111011|end_char=111016
19644	your	_	_	_	_	19643	_	_	start_char=111017|end_char=111021
19645	gentleness	_	_	_	_	19644	_	_	start_char=111022|end_char=111032
19646	and	_	_	_	_	19645	_	_	start_char=111033|end_char=111036
19647	affection	_	_	_	_	19646	_	_	start_char=111037|end_char=111046
19648	warmed	_	_	_	_	19647	_	_	start_char=111047|end_char=111053
19649	and	_	_	_	_	19648	_	_	start_char=111054|end_char=111057
19650	opened	_	_	_	_	19649	_	_	start_char=111058|end_char=111064
19651	my	_	_	_	_	19650	_	_	start_char=111065|end_char=111067
19652	senses;	_	_	_	_	19651	_	_	start_char=111068|end_char=111075
19653	I	_	_	_	_	19652	_	_	start_char=111076|end_char=111077
19654	became	_	_	_	_	19653	_	_	start_char=111078|end_char=111084
19655	the	_	_	_	_	19654	_	_	start_char=111085|end_char=111088
19656	same	_	_	_	_	19655	_	_	start_char=111089|end_char=111093
19657	happy	_	_	_	_	19656	_	_	start_char=111094|end_char=111099
19658	creature	_	_	_	_	19657	_	_	start_char=111100|end_char=111108
19659	who,	_	_	_	_	19658	_	_	start_char=111109|end_char=111113
19660	a	_	_	_	_	19659	_	_	start_char=111114|end_char=111115
19661	few	_	_	_	_	19660	_	_	start_char=111116|end_char=111119
19662	years	_	_	_	_	19661	_	_	start_char=111120|end_char=111125
19663	ago,	_	_	_	_	19662	_	_	start_char=111126|end_char=111130
19664	loved	_	_	_	_	19663	_	_	start_char=111131|end_char=111136
19665	and	_	_	_	_	19664	_	_	start_char=111137|end_char=111140
19666	beloved	_	_	_	_	19665	_	_	start_char=111141|end_char=111148
19667	by	_	_	_	_	19666	_	_	start_char=111149|end_char=111151
19668	all,	_	_	_	_	19667	_	_	start_char=111152|end_char=111156
19669	had	_	_	_	_	19668	_	_	start_char=111157|end_char=111160
19670	no	_	_	_	_	19669	_	_	start_char=111161|end_char=111163
19671	sorrow	_	_	_	_	19670	_	_	start_char=111164|end_char=111170
19672	or	_	_	_	_	19671	_	_	start_char=111171|end_char=111173
19673	care.	_	_	_	_	19672	_	_	start_char=111174|end_char=111179
19674	When	_	_	_	_	19673	_	_	start_char=111180|end_char=111184
19675	happy,	_	_	_	_	19674	_	_	start_char=111185|end_char=111191
19676	inanimate	_	_	_	_	19675	_	_	start_char=111192|end_char=111201
19677	nature	_	_	_	_	19676	_	_	start_char=111202|end_char=111208
19678	had	_	_	_	_	19677	_	_	start_char=111209|end_char=111212
19679	the	_	_	_	_	19678	_	_	start_char=111213|end_char=111216
19680	power	_	_	_	_	19679	_	_	start_char=111217|end_char=111222
19681	of	_	_	_	_	19680	_	_	start_char=111223|end_char=111225
19682	bestowing	_	_	_	_	19681	_	_	start_char=111226|end_char=111235
19683	on	_	_	_	_	19682	_	_	start_char=111236|end_char=111238
19684	me	_	_	_	_	19683	_	_	start_char=111239|end_char=111241
19685	the	_	_	_	_	19684	_	_	start_char=111242|end_char=111245
19686	most	_	_	_	_	19685	_	_	start_char=111246|end_char=111250
19687	delightful	_	_	_	_	19686	_	_	start_char=111251|end_char=111261
19688	sensations.	_	_	_	_	19687	_	_	start_char=111262|end_char=111273
19689	A	_	_	_	_	19688	_	_	start_char=111274|end_char=111275
19690	serene	_	_	_	_	19689	_	_	start_char=111276|end_char=111282
19691	sky	_	_	_	_	19690	_	_	start_char=111283|end_char=111286
19692	and	_	_	_	_	19691	_	_	start_char=111287|end_char=111290
19693	verdant	_	_	_	_	19692	_	_	start_char=111291|end_char=111298
19694	fields	_	_	_	_	19693	_	_	start_char=111299|end_char=111305
19695	filled	_	_	_	_	19694	_	_	start_char=111306|end_char=111312
19696	me	_	_	_	_	19695	_	_	start_char=111313|end_char=111315
19697	with	_	_	_	_	19696	_	_	start_char=111316|end_char=111320
19698	ecstasy.	_	_	_	_	19697	_	_	start_char=111321|end_char=111329
19699	The	_	_	_	_	19698	_	_	start_char=111330|end_char=111333
19700	present	_	_	_	_	19699	_	_	start_char=111334|end_char=111341
19701	season	_	_	_	_	19700	_	_	start_char=111342|end_char=111348
19702	was	_	_	_	_	19701	_	_	start_char=111349|end_char=111352
19703	indeed	_	_	_	_	19702	_	_	start_char=111353|end_char=111359
19704	divine;	_	_	_	_	19703	_	_	start_char=111360|end_char=111367
19705	the	_	_	_	_	19704	_	_	start_char=111368|end_char=111371
19706	flowers	_	_	_	_	19705	_	_	start_char=111372|end_char=111379
19707	of	_	_	_	_	19706	_	_	start_char=111380|end_char=111382
19708	spring	_	_	_	_	19707	_	_	start_char=111383|end_char=111389
19709	bloomed	_	_	_	_	19708	_	_	start_char=111390|end_char=111397
19710	in	_	_	_	_	19709	_	_	start_char=111398|end_char=111400
19711	the	_	_	_	_	19710	_	_	start_char=111401|end_char=111404
19712	hedges,	_	_	_	_	19711	_	_	start_char=111405|end_char=111412
19713	while	_	_	_	_	19712	_	_	start_char=111413|end_char=111418
19714	those	_	_	_	_	19713	_	_	start_char=111419|end_char=111424
19715	of	_	_	_	_	19714	_	_	start_char=111425|end_char=111427
19716	summer	_	_	_	_	19715	_	_	start_char=111428|end_char=111434
19717	were	_	_	_	_	19716	_	_	start_char=111435|end_char=111439
19718	already	_	_	_	_	19717	_	_	start_char=111440|end_char=111447
19719	in	_	_	_	_	19718	_	_	start_char=111448|end_char=111450
19720	bud.	_	_	_	_	19719	_	_	start_char=111451|end_char=111455
19721	I	_	_	_	_	19720	_	_	start_char=111456|end_char=111457
19722	was	_	_	_	_	19721	_	_	start_char=111458|end_char=111461
19723	undisturbed	_	_	_	_	19722	_	_	start_char=111462|end_char=111473
19724	by	_	_	_	_	19723	_	_	start_char=111474|end_char=111476
19725	thoughts	_	_	_	_	19724	_	_	start_char=111477|end_char=111485
19726	which	_	_	_	_	19725	_	_	start_char=111486|end_char=111491
19727	during	_	_	_	_	19726	_	_	start_char=111492|end_char=111498
19728	the	_	_	_	_	19727	_	_	start_char=111499|end_char=111502
19729	preceding	_	_	_	_	19728	_	_	start_char=111503|end_char=111512
19730	year	_	_	_	_	19729	_	_	start_char=111513|end_char=111517
19731	had	_	_	_	_	19730	_	_	start_char=111518|end_char=111521
19732	pressed	_	_	_	_	19731	_	_	start_char=111522|end_char=111529
19733	upon	_	_	_	_	19732	_	_	start_char=111530|end_char=111534
19734	me,	_	_	_	_	19733	_	_	start_char=111535|end_char=111538
19735	notwithstanding	_	_	_	_	19734	_	_	start_char=111539|end_char=111554
19736	my	_	_	_	_	19735	_	_	start_char=111555|end_char=111557
19737	endeavours	_	_	_	_	19736	_	_	start_char=111558|end_char=111568
19738	to	_	_	_	_	19737	_	_	start_char=111569|end_char=111571
19739	throw	_	_	_	_	19738	_	_	start_char=111572|end_char=111577
19740	them	_	_	_	_	19739	_	_	start_char=111578|end_char=111582
19741	off,	_	_	_	_	19740	_	_	start_char=111583|end_char=111587
19742	with	_	_	_	_	19741	_	_	start_char=111588|end_char=111592
19743	an	_	_	_	_	19742	_	_	start_char=111593|end_char=111595
19744	invincible	_	_	_	_	19743	_	_	start_char=111596|end_char=111606
19745	burden.	_	_	_	_	19744	_	_	start_char=111607|end_char=111614
19746	Henry	_	_	_	_	19745	_	_	start_char=111615|end_char=111620
19747	rejoiced	_	_	_	_	19746	_	_	start_char=111621|end_char=111629
19748	in	_	_	_	_	19747	_	_	start_char=111630|end_char=111632
19749	my	_	_	_	_	19748	_	_	start_char=111633|end_char=111635
19750	gaiety,	_	_	_	_	19749	_	_	start_char=111636|end_char=111643
19751	and	_	_	_	_	19750	_	_	start_char=111644|end_char=111647
19752	sincerely	_	_	_	_	19751	_	_	start_char=111648|end_char=111657
19753	sympathised	_	_	_	_	19752	_	_	start_char=111658|end_char=111669
19754	in	_	_	_	_	19753	_	_	start_char=111670|end_char=111672
19755	my	_	_	_	_	19754	_	_	start_char=111673|end_char=111675
19756	feelings:	_	_	_	_	19755	_	_	start_char=111676|end_char=111685
19757	he	_	_	_	_	19756	_	_	start_char=111686|end_char=111688
19758	exerted	_	_	_	_	19757	_	_	start_char=111689|end_char=111696
19759	himself	_	_	_	_	19758	_	_	start_char=111697|end_char=111704
19760	to	_	_	_	_	19759	_	_	start_char=111705|end_char=111707
19761	amuse	_	_	_	_	19760	_	_	start_char=111708|end_char=111713
19762	me,	_	_	_	_	19761	_	_	start_char=111714|end_char=111717
19763	while	_	_	_	_	19762	_	_	start_char=111718|end_char=111723
19764	he	_	_	_	_	19763	_	_	start_char=111724|end_char=111726
19765	expressed	_	_	_	_	19764	_	_	start_char=111727|end_char=111736
19766	the	_	_	_	_	19765	_	_	start_char=111737|end_char=111740
19767	sensations	_	_	_	_	19766	_	_	start_char=111741|end_char=111751
19768	that	_	_	_	_	19767	_	_	start_char=111752|end_char=111756
19769	filled	_	_	_	_	19768	_	_	start_char=111757|end_char=111763
19770	his	_	_	_	_	19769	_	_	start_char=111764|end_char=111767
19771	soul.	_	_	_	_	19770	_	_	start_char=111768|end_char=111773
19772	The	_	_	_	_	19771	_	_	start_char=111774|end_char=111777
19773	resources	_	_	_	_	19772	_	_	start_char=111778|end_char=111787
19774	of	_	_	_	_	19773	_	_	start_char=111788|end_char=111790
19775	his	_	_	_	_	19774	_	_	start_char=111791|end_char=111794
19776	mind	_	_	_	_	19775	_	_	start_char=111795|end_char=111799
19777	on	_	_	_	_	19776	_	_	start_char=111800|end_char=111802
19778	this	_	_	_	_	19777	_	_	start_char=111803|end_char=111807
19779	occasion	_	_	_	_	19778	_	_	start_char=111808|end_char=111816
19780	were	_	_	_	_	19779	_	_	start_char=111817|end_char=111821
19781	truly	_	_	_	_	19780	_	_	start_char=111822|end_char=111827
19782	astonishing:	_	_	_	_	19781	_	_	start_char=111828|end_char=111840
19783	his	_	_	_	_	19782	_	_	start_char=111841|end_char=111844
19784	conversation	_	_	_	_	19783	_	_	start_char=111845|end_char=111857
19785	was	_	_	_	_	19784	_	_	start_char=111858|end_char=111861
19786	full	_	_	_	_	19785	_	_	start_char=111862|end_char=111866
19787	of	_	_	_	_	19786	_	_	start_char=111867|end_char=111869
19788	imagination;	_	_	_	_	19787	_	_	start_char=111870|end_char=111882
19789	and	_	_	_	_	19788	_	_	start_char=111883|end_char=111886
19790	very	_	_	_	_	19789	_	_	start_char=111887|end_char=111891
19791	often,	_	_	_	_	19790	_	_	start_char=111892|end_char=111898
19792	in	_	_	_	_	19791	_	_	start_char=111899|end_char=111901
19793	imitation	_	_	_	_	19792	_	_	start_char=111902|end_char=111911
19794	of	_	_	_	_	19793	_	_	start_char=111912|end_char=111914
19795	the	_	_	_	_	19794	_	_	start_char=111915|end_char=111918
19796	Persian	_	_	_	_	19795	_	_	start_char=111919|end_char=111926
19797	and	_	_	_	_	19796	_	_	start_char=111927|end_char=111930
19798	Arabic	_	_	_	_	19797	_	_	start_char=111931|end_char=111937
19799	writers,	_	_	_	_	19798	_	_	start_char=111938|end_char=111946
19800	he	_	_	_	_	19799	_	_	start_char=111947|end_char=111949
19801	invented	_	_	_	_	19800	_	_	start_char=111950|end_char=111958
19802	tales	_	_	_	_	19801	_	_	start_char=111959|end_char=111964
19803	of	_	_	_	_	19802	_	_	start_char=111965|end_char=111967
19804	wonderful	_	_	_	_	19803	_	_	start_char=111968|end_char=111977
19805	fancy	_	_	_	_	19804	_	_	start_char=111978|end_char=111983
19806	and	_	_	_	_	19805	_	_	start_char=111984|end_char=111987
19807	passion.	_	_	_	_	19806	_	_	start_char=111988|end_char=111996
19808	At	_	_	_	_	19807	_	_	start_char=111997|end_char=111999
19809	other	_	_	_	_	19808	_	_	start_char=112000|end_char=112005
19810	times	_	_	_	_	19809	_	_	start_char=112006|end_char=112011
19811	he	_	_	_	_	19810	_	_	start_char=112012|end_char=112014
19812	repeated	_	_	_	_	19811	_	_	start_char=112015|end_char=112023
19813	my	_	_	_	_	19812	_	_	start_char=112024|end_char=112026
19814	favourite	_	_	_	_	19813	_	_	start_char=112027|end_char=112036
19815	poems,	_	_	_	_	19814	_	_	start_char=112037|end_char=112043
19816	or	_	_	_	_	19815	_	_	start_char=112044|end_char=112046
19817	drew	_	_	_	_	19816	_	_	start_char=112047|end_char=112051
19818	me	_	_	_	_	19817	_	_	start_char=112052|end_char=112054
19819	out	_	_	_	_	19818	_	_	start_char=112055|end_char=112058
19820	into	_	_	_	_	19819	_	_	start_char=112059|end_char=112063
19821	arguments,	_	_	_	_	19820	_	_	start_char=112064|end_char=112074
19822	which	_	_	_	_	19821	_	_	start_char=112075|end_char=112080
19823	he	_	_	_	_	19822	_	_	start_char=112081|end_char=112083
19824	supported	_	_	_	_	19823	_	_	start_char=112084|end_char=112093
19825	with	_	_	_	_	19824	_	_	start_char=112094|end_char=112098
19826	great	_	_	_	_	19825	_	_	start_char=112099|end_char=112104
19827	ingenuity.	_	_	_	_	19826	_	_	start_char=112105|end_char=112115
19828	We	_	_	_	_	19827	_	_	start_char=112116|end_char=112118
19829	returned	_	_	_	_	19828	_	_	start_char=112119|end_char=112127
19830	to	_	_	_	_	19829	_	_	start_char=112128|end_char=112130
19831	our	_	_	_	_	19830	_	_	start_char=112131|end_char=112134
19832	college	_	_	_	_	19831	_	_	start_char=112135|end_char=112142
19833	on	_	_	_	_	19832	_	_	start_char=112143|end_char=112145
19834	a	_	_	_	_	19833	_	_	start_char=112146|end_char=112147
19835	Sunday	_	_	_	_	19834	_	_	start_char=112148|end_char=112154
19836	afternoon:	_	_	_	_	19835	_	_	start_char=112155|end_char=112165
19837	the	_	_	_	_	19836	_	_	start_char=112166|end_char=112169
19838	peasants	_	_	_	_	19837	_	_	start_char=112170|end_char=112178
19839	were	_	_	_	_	19838	_	_	start_char=112179|end_char=112183
19840	dancing,	_	_	_	_	19839	_	_	start_char=112184|end_char=112192
19841	and	_	_	_	_	19840	_	_	start_char=112193|end_char=112196
19842	every	_	_	_	_	19841	_	_	start_char=112197|end_char=112202
19843	one	_	_	_	_	19842	_	_	start_char=112203|end_char=112206
19844	we	_	_	_	_	19843	_	_	start_char=112207|end_char=112209
19845	met	_	_	_	_	19844	_	_	start_char=112210|end_char=112213
19846	appeared	_	_	_	_	19845	_	_	start_char=112214|end_char=112222
19847	gay	_	_	_	_	19846	_	_	start_char=112223|end_char=112226
19848	and	_	_	_	_	19847	_	_	start_char=112227|end_char=112230
19849	happy.	_	_	_	_	19848	_	_	start_char=112231|end_char=112237
19850	My	_	_	_	_	19849	_	_	start_char=112238|end_char=112240
19851	own	_	_	_	_	19850	_	_	start_char=112241|end_char=112244
19852	spirits	_	_	_	_	19851	_	_	start_char=112245|end_char=112252
19853	were	_	_	_	_	19852	_	_	start_char=112253|end_char=112257
19854	high,	_	_	_	_	19853	_	_	start_char=112258|end_char=112263
19855	and	_	_	_	_	19854	_	_	start_char=112264|end_char=112267
19856	I	_	_	_	_	19855	_	_	start_char=112268|end_char=112269
19857	bounded	_	_	_	_	19856	_	_	start_char=112270|end_char=112277
19858	along	_	_	_	_	19857	_	_	start_char=112278|end_char=112283
19859	with	_	_	_	_	19858	_	_	start_char=112284|end_char=112288
19860	feelings	_	_	_	_	19859	_	_	start_char=112289|end_char=112297
19861	of	_	_	_	_	19860	_	_	start_char=112298|end_char=112300
19862	unbridled	_	_	_	_	19861	_	_	start_char=112301|end_char=112310
19863	joy	_	_	_	_	19862	_	_	start_char=112311|end_char=112314
19864	and	_	_	_	_	19863	_	_	start_char=112315|end_char=112318
19865	hilarity.	_	_	_	_	19864	_	_	start_char=112319|end_char=112328
19866	Chapter	_	_	_	_	19865	_	_	start_char=112329|end_char=112336
19867	7	_	_	_	_	19866	_	_	start_char=112337|end_char=112338
19868	On	_	_	_	_	19867	_	_	start_char=112339|end_char=112341
19869	my	_	_	_	_	19868	_	_	start_char=112342|end_char=112344
19870	return,	_	_	_	_	19869	_	_	start_char=112345|end_char=112352
19871	I	_	_	_	_	19870	_	_	start_char=112353|end_char=112354
19872	found	_	_	_	_	19871	_	_	start_char=112355|end_char=112360
19873	the	_	_	_	_	19872	_	_	start_char=112361|end_char=112364
19874	following	_	_	_	_	19873	_	_	start_char=112365|end_char=112374
19875	letter	_	_	_	_	19874	_	_	start_char=112375|end_char=112381
19876	from	_	_	_	_	19875	_	_	start_char=112382|end_char=112386
19877	my	_	_	_	_	19876	_	_	start_char=112387|end_char=112389
19878	father:—	_	_	_	_	19877	_	_	start_char=112390|end_char=112398
19879	“My	_	_	_	_	19878	_	_	start_char=112399|end_char=112402
19880	dear	_	_	_	_	19879	_	_	start_char=112403|end_char=112407
19881	Victor,	_	_	_	_	19880	_	_	start_char=112408|end_char=112415
19882	“You	_	_	_	_	19881	_	_	start_char=112416|end_char=112420
19883	have	_	_	_	_	19882	_	_	start_char=112421|end_char=112425
19884	probably	_	_	_	_	19883	_	_	start_char=112426|end_char=112434
19885	waited	_	_	_	_	19884	_	_	start_char=112435|end_char=112441
19886	impatiently	_	_	_	_	19885	_	_	start_char=112442|end_char=112453
19887	for	_	_	_	_	19886	_	_	start_char=112454|end_char=112457
19888	a	_	_	_	_	19887	_	_	start_char=112458|end_char=112459
19889	letter	_	_	_	_	19888	_	_	start_char=112460|end_char=112466
19890	to	_	_	_	_	19889	_	_	start_char=112467|end_char=112469
19891	fix	_	_	_	_	19890	_	_	start_char=112470|end_char=112473
19892	the	_	_	_	_	19891	_	_	start_char=112474|end_char=112477
19893	date	_	_	_	_	19892	_	_	start_char=112478|end_char=112482
19894	of	_	_	_	_	19893	_	_	start_char=112483|end_char=112485
19895	your	_	_	_	_	19894	_	_	start_char=112486|end_char=112490
19896	return	_	_	_	_	19895	_	_	start_char=112491|end_char=112497
19897	to	_	_	_	_	19896	_	_	start_char=112498|end_char=112500
19898	us;	_	_	_	_	19897	_	_	start_char=112501|end_char=112504
19899	and	_	_	_	_	19898	_	_	start_char=112505|end_char=112508
19900	I	_	_	_	_	19899	_	_	start_char=112509|end_char=112510
19901	was	_	_	_	_	19900	_	_	start_char=112511|end_char=112514
19902	at	_	_	_	_	19901	_	_	start_char=112515|end_char=112517
19903	first	_	_	_	_	19902	_	_	start_char=112518|end_char=112523
19904	tempted	_	_	_	_	19903	_	_	start_char=112524|end_char=112531
19905	to	_	_	_	_	19904	_	_	start_char=112532|end_char=112534
19906	write	_	_	_	_	19905	_	_	start_char=112535|end_char=112540
19907	only	_	_	_	_	19906	_	_	start_char=112541|end_char=112545
19908	a	_	_	_	_	19907	_	_	start_char=112546|end_char=112547
19909	few	_	_	_	_	19908	_	_	start_char=112548|end_char=112551
19910	lines,	_	_	_	_	19909	_	_	start_char=112552|end_char=112558
19911	merely	_	_	_	_	19910	_	_	start_char=112559|end_char=112565
19912	mentioning	_	_	_	_	19911	_	_	start_char=112566|end_char=112576
19913	the	_	_	_	_	19912	_	_	start_char=112577|end_char=112580
19914	day	_	_	_	_	19913	_	_	start_char=112581|end_char=112584
19915	on	_	_	_	_	19914	_	_	start_char=112585|end_char=112587
19916	which	_	_	_	_	19915	_	_	start_char=112588|end_char=112593
19917	I	_	_	_	_	19916	_	_	start_char=112594|end_char=112595
19918	should	_	_	_	_	19917	_	_	start_char=112596|end_char=112602
19919	expect	_	_	_	_	19918	_	_	start_char=112603|end_char=112609
19920	you.	_	_	_	_	19919	_	_	start_char=112610|end_char=112614
19921	But	_	_	_	_	19920	_	_	start_char=112615|end_char=112618
19922	that	_	_	_	_	19921	_	_	start_char=112619|end_char=112623
19923	would	_	_	_	_	19922	_	_	start_char=112624|end_char=112629
19924	be	_	_	_	_	19923	_	_	start_char=112630|end_char=112632
19925	a	_	_	_	_	19924	_	_	start_char=112633|end_char=112634
19926	cruel	_	_	_	_	19925	_	_	start_char=112635|end_char=112640
19927	kindness,	_	_	_	_	19926	_	_	start_char=112641|end_char=112650
19928	and	_	_	_	_	19927	_	_	start_char=112651|end_char=112654
19929	I	_	_	_	_	19928	_	_	start_char=112655|end_char=112656
19930	dare	_	_	_	_	19929	_	_	start_char=112657|end_char=112661
19931	not	_	_	_	_	19930	_	_	start_char=112662|end_char=112665
19932	do	_	_	_	_	19931	_	_	start_char=112666|end_char=112668
19933	it.	_	_	_	_	19932	_	_	start_char=112669|end_char=112672
19934	What	_	_	_	_	19933	_	_	start_char=112673|end_char=112677
19935	would	_	_	_	_	19934	_	_	start_char=112678|end_char=112683
19936	be	_	_	_	_	19935	_	_	start_char=112684|end_char=112686
19937	your	_	_	_	_	19936	_	_	start_char=112687|end_char=112691
19938	surprise,	_	_	_	_	19937	_	_	start_char=112692|end_char=112701
19939	my	_	_	_	_	19938	_	_	start_char=112702|end_char=112704
19940	son,	_	_	_	_	19939	_	_	start_char=112705|end_char=112709
19941	when	_	_	_	_	19940	_	_	start_char=112710|end_char=112714
19942	you	_	_	_	_	19941	_	_	start_char=112715|end_char=112718
19943	expected	_	_	_	_	19942	_	_	start_char=112719|end_char=112727
19944	a	_	_	_	_	19943	_	_	start_char=112728|end_char=112729
19945	happy	_	_	_	_	19944	_	_	start_char=112730|end_char=112735
19946	and	_	_	_	_	19945	_	_	start_char=112736|end_char=112739
19947	glad	_	_	_	_	19946	_	_	start_char=112740|end_char=112744
19948	welcome,	_	_	_	_	19947	_	_	start_char=112745|end_char=112753
19949	to	_	_	_	_	19948	_	_	start_char=112754|end_char=112756
19950	behold,	_	_	_	_	19949	_	_	start_char=112757|end_char=112764
19951	on	_	_	_	_	19950	_	_	start_char=112765|end_char=112767
19952	the	_	_	_	_	19951	_	_	start_char=112768|end_char=112771
19953	contrary,	_	_	_	_	19952	_	_	start_char=112772|end_char=112781
19954	tears	_	_	_	_	19953	_	_	start_char=112782|end_char=112787
19955	and	_	_	_	_	19954	_	_	start_char=112788|end_char=112791
19956	wretchedness?	_	_	_	_	19955	_	_	start_char=112792|end_char=112805
19957	And	_	_	_	_	19956	_	_	start_char=112806|end_char=112809
19958	how,	_	_	_	_	19957	_	_	start_char=112810|end_char=112814
19959	Victor,	_	_	_	_	19958	_	_	start_char=112815|end_char=112822
19960	can	_	_	_	_	19959	_	_	start_char=112823|end_char=112826
19961	I	_	_	_	_	19960	_	_	start_char=112827|end_char=112828
19962	relate	_	_	_	_	19961	_	_	start_char=112829|end_char=112835
19963	our	_	_	_	_	19962	_	_	start_char=112836|end_char=112839
19964	misfortune?	_	_	_	_	19963	_	_	start_char=112840|end_char=112851
19965	Absence	_	_	_	_	19964	_	_	start_char=112852|end_char=112859
19966	cannot	_	_	_	_	19965	_	_	start_char=112860|end_char=112866
19967	have	_	_	_	_	19966	_	_	start_char=112867|end_char=112871
19968	rendered	_	_	_	_	19967	_	_	start_char=112872|end_char=112880
19969	you	_	_	_	_	19968	_	_	start_char=112881|end_char=112884
19970	callous	_	_	_	_	19969	_	_	start_char=112885|end_char=112892
19971	to	_	_	_	_	19970	_	_	start_char=112893|end_char=112895
19972	our	_	_	_	_	19971	_	_	start_char=112896|end_char=112899
19973	joys	_	_	_	_	19972	_	_	start_char=112900|end_char=112904
19974	and	_	_	_	_	19973	_	_	start_char=112905|end_char=112908
19975	griefs;	_	_	_	_	19974	_	_	start_char=112909|end_char=112916
19976	and	_	_	_	_	19975	_	_	start_char=112917|end_char=112920
19977	how	_	_	_	_	19976	_	_	start_char=112921|end_char=112924
19978	shall	_	_	_	_	19977	_	_	start_char=112925|end_char=112930
19979	I	_	_	_	_	19978	_	_	start_char=112931|end_char=112932
19980	inflict	_	_	_	_	19979	_	_	start_char=112933|end_char=112940
19981	pain	_	_	_	_	19980	_	_	start_char=112941|end_char=112945
19982	on	_	_	_	_	19981	_	_	start_char=112946|end_char=112948
19983	my	_	_	_	_	19982	_	_	start_char=112949|end_char=112951
19984	long	_	_	_	_	19983	_	_	start_char=112952|end_char=112956
19985	absent	_	_	_	_	19984	_	_	start_char=112957|end_char=112963
19986	son?	_	_	_	_	19985	_	_	start_char=112964|end_char=112968
19987	I	_	_	_	_	19986	_	_	start_char=112969|end_char=112970
19988	wish	_	_	_	_	19987	_	_	start_char=112971|end_char=112975
19989	to	_	_	_	_	19988	_	_	start_char=112976|end_char=112978
19990	prepare	_	_	_	_	19989	_	_	start_char=112979|end_char=112986
19991	you	_	_	_	_	19990	_	_	start_char=112987|end_char=112990
19992	for	_	_	_	_	19991	_	_	start_char=112991|end_char=112994
19993	the	_	_	_	_	19992	_	_	start_char=112995|end_char=112998
19994	woeful	_	_	_	_	19993	_	_	start_char=112999|end_char=113005
19995	news,	_	_	_	_	19994	_	_	start_char=113006|end_char=113011
19996	but	_	_	_	_	19995	_	_	start_char=113012|end_char=113015
19997	I	_	_	_	_	19996	_	_	start_char=113016|end_char=113017
19998	know	_	_	_	_	19997	_	_	start_char=113018|end_char=113022
19999	it	_	_	_	_	19998	_	_	start_char=113023|end_char=113025
20000	is	_	_	_	_	19999	_	_	SpaceAfter=No|start_char=113026|end_char=113028

